<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-04EF8789-18F9-4821-88A4-6A1767DD402E" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-E03746FA-77DD-4214-B325-1C35C2AD4D3A">Protection domains</title>
  <shortdesc>A protection domain is a node or a set of nodes grouped together such that any part or even all of it might fail, while maintaining data availability. Protection domains enable a storage cluster to heal automatically from the loss of a chassis (chassis affinity) or an entire domain (group of chassis). </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>A protection domain layout assigns each node to a specific protection domain.</p>
    <p>Two different protection domain layouts, called <term>protection domain levels</term>, are supported.</p>
    <ul id="UL_5F56DF39A6034834BD6B09E86DA1B321">
      <li id="LI_23E4079226ED43B2B355C1C0F799D6A6">At the node level, each node is in its own protection domain. </li>
      <li id="LI_04165748A3B14D83A704264160541C3C">At the chassis level, only nodes that share a chassis are in the same protection domain.<ul id="UL_4FFD5360CF394602AAFD3AE142EB1321"><li id="LI_F0E843D2A46A4C419EE559FFE10793B0">The chassis level layout is automatically determined from the hardware when the node is added to the cluster.</li><li id="LI_11CD9B751599421ABEAAC7BBDB26F41E">In a cluster where each node is in a separate chassis, these two levels are functionally identical.</li></ul></li>
    </ul>
    <p>You can manually enable protection domain monitoring using the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph><ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph>  Configuration extension point in the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/VCP-LONG">NetApp Element Plug-in for vCenter Server</ph>. You can select a protection domain threshold based on node or chassis domains.</p>
    <p>When creating a new cluster, if you are using storage nodes that reside in a shared chassis, you might want to consider designing for chassis-level failure protection using the protection domains feature. </p>
  </conbody>
</concept>