<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-4D7ABEF4-FD76-467D-B99E-F5082C454D51" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-790072CA-32B1-4527-8D05-62DCD64A2EE1">Volume snapshots for data protection</title>
  <shortdesc>A volume snapshot is a point-in-time copy of a volume that you could later use to restore a volume to that specific time. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>While snapshots are similar to volume clones, snapshots are simply replicas of volume metadata, so you cannot mount or write to them. Creating a volume snapshot also takes only a small amount of system resources and space, which makes snapshot creation faster than cloning.</p>
    <p>You can replicate snapshots to a remote cluster and use them as a backup copy of the volume. This enables you to roll back a volume to a specific point in time by using the replicated snapshot; you can also create a clone of a volume from a replicated snapshot.</p>
    <p> You can back up snapshots from a SolidFire cluster to an external object store, or to another SolidFire cluster. When you back up a snapshot to an external object store, you must have a connection to the object store that allows read/write operations.</p>
    <p>You can take a snapshot of an individual volume or multiple for data protection.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>