<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-8501A4F1-FED5-4F6F-801E-D2C9A3642811" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-326BAB06-8EB9-42A4-A951-8AEF30C2F29A">Encryption at rest</title>
  <shortdesc>With SolidFire clusters, you can encrypt all data stored on the
            cluster.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>encryption at rest</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>All drives in storage nodes capable of encryption leverage AES 256-bit encryption at the drive level. Each drive has its own encryption key, which is created when the drive is first initialized. When you enable the encryption feature, a cluster-wide password is created, and chunks of the password are then distributed to all nodes in the cluster. No single node stores the entire password. The password is then used to password-protect all access to the drives. The password is needed to unlock the drive and then not needed unless power is removed from the drive or the drive is locked.  </p>
    <p>Enabling the encryption at rest feature does not affect performance or efficiency on
            the cluster. Additionally, if an encryption-enabled drive or node is removed from the
            cluster with the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> API or <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI, encryption at rest will be disabled on the
            drives. After the drive is removed, the drive can be secure erased by using the <apiname>SecureEraseDrives</apiname> API method. If a drive or node is forcibly
            removed from the cluster, the data remains protected by the cluster-wide password and
            the drive’s individual encryption keys.</p>
    <p>Another type of encryption at rest, Software Encryption at Rest available in
                <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/SDS-LONG">SolidFire Enterprise SDS</ph> nodes, enables all data written
            to the SSDs in a storage cluster to be encrypted. This provides a primary layer of
            encryption in <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/SDS-LONG">SolidFire Enterprise SDS</ph> nodes that do not
            include Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs). </p>
    <p>
      <xref href="http://docs.netapp.com/sfe-122/topic/com.netapp.doc.sfe-sds-ig//GUID-F1BDD19F-AF33-4CDE-B67F-C5E17D4E6DE9.html" format="html" scope="external"> SolidFire Enterprise SDS
            overview</xref>
    </p>
  </conbody>
</concept>