<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-8815F608-C163-4C71-9739-38A7E65E1D72" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-96FEB80F-07A9-4EBF-B286-7374289F0C54">Replication between <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> and ONTAP clusters using SnapMirror</title>
  <shortdesc>With <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph> SnapMirror technology, you can replicate snapshots that were taken using <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-ELEMENT-SOFTWARE">NetApp Element software</ph> to ONTAP for disaster recovery purposes. In a SnapMirror relationship, <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> is one endpoint and ONTAP is the other.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>SnapMirror is a <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph><tm tmtype="tm">Snapshot</tm> replication technology that facilitates disaster recovery, designed for failover from primary storage to secondary storage at a geographically remote site. SnapMirror technology creates a replica, or mirror, of the working data in secondary storage from which you can continue to serve data if an outage occurs at the primary site. Data is mirrored at the volume level. </p>
    <p>The relationship between the source volume in primary storage and the destination volume in secondary storage is called a <term>data protection relationship</term>. The clusters are referred to as <term>endpoints</term> in which the volumes reside and the volumes that contain the replicated data must be peered. A peer relationship enables clusters and volumes to exchange data securely. </p>
    <p>SnapMirror runs natively on the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph> ONTAP controllers and is integrated into <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph>, which runs on <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph> HCI and SolidFire clusters. The logic to control SnapMirror resides in ONTAP software; therefore, all SnapMirror relationships must involve at least one ONTAP system to perform the coordination work. Users manage relationships between <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> and ONTAP clusters primarily through the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI; however, some management tasks reside in <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph><ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ONC-SYSMGR">ONTAP System Manager</ph>. Users can also manage SnapMirror through the CLI and API, which are both available in ONTAP and <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph>.</p>
    <p>You must manually enable SnapMirror functionality at the cluster level by using <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software. SnapMirror functionality is disabled by default, and it is not automatically enabled as part of a new installation or upgrade.</p>
    <p>After enabling SnapMirror, you can create SnapMirror relationships from the Data Protection tab in the  <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software.</p>
    <p>
      <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-ELEMENT-SOFTWARE">NetApp Element software</ph> 10.1 and above supports SnapMirror functionality to copy and restore snapshots with ONTAP systems.</p>
    <p>Systems running <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> 10.1 and above include code that can communicate directly with SnapMirror on ONTAP systems running 9.3 or higher. The  <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> API provides methods to enable SnapMirror functionality on clusters, volumes, and snapshots. Additionally, the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI includes functionality to manage SnapMirror relationships between <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software and ONTAP systems.</p>
    <p>Starting with <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> 10.3 and ONTAP 9.4 systems, you can replicate ONTAP originated volumes to <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> volumes in specific use cases with limited functionality. </p>
    <p>For more information, see ONTAP documentation.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>