<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-B7AFBE33-9706-44A4-ADC7-5F12FE0E5AB1" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-1E76E5B0-F440-4F57-B0E6-ADFB5C4339B1"> Accounts and permissions</title>
  <shortdesc>The SolidFire storage system can have two types of administrators: the
        primary cluster administrator (with the highest level of access) and cluster administrators
        (with limited access). </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>The primary cluster administrator account is created when the cluster is created. This
            account has the highest level of access to the cluster. It is analogous to a root user
            in a Linux system. Two (or more) cluster administrators with administrator access
            permissions must exist before you can delete the primary cluster administrator account.
            You can change the password for this administrator account.</p>
    <p>You can give a cluster administrator account a limited range of administrative access to
            perform specific tasks within a cluster. The credentials assigned to each cluster
            administrator account are used to authenticate API and Element UI requests within the
            storage system. <note id="GUID-4DD5DC56-535F-47EF-BF4D-A622355B374D">A local (non-LDAP) cluster administrator account is required to
                access active nodes in a cluster via the per-node UI. Account credentials are not
                required to access a node that is not yet part of a cluster.</note></p>
  </conbody>
</concept>