<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-D155A32F-BDF0-4D56-B0AA-722FD8E414C2" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-07B440AB-46BA-4B44-9058-304EC3CF8B8C">Synchronous and asynchronous replication between clusters</title>
  <shortdesc>For clusters running <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-ELEMENT-SOFTWARE">NetApp Element software</ph>, real-time replication enables the quick creation of remote copies of volume data. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>You can pair a storage cluster with up to four other storage clusters. You can replicate volume data synchronously or asynchronously from either cluster in a cluster pair for failover and failback scenarios. </p>
    <section id="SECTION_C00E79DBF8064FEFAC4838C813FF4038">
      <title id="GUID-77B139F7-BBDC-48B1-BF4A-7CE100612D81">Synchronous replication</title>
      <p> Synchronous replication continuously replicates data from the source cluster to the target cluster and is affected by latency, packet loss, jitter, and bandwidth.</p>
      <p>Synchronous replication is appropriate for the following situations: </p>
      <ul id="UL_295566C2E99845998FCD8F24A3C9F075">
        <li id="LI_1F99FD4E21D94F789619F7C622FAC925">Replication of several systems over a short distance</li>
        <li id="LI_96CE77CB1C4248D19A7938425F23048C">A disaster recovery site that is geographically local to the source</li>
        <li id="LI_7854DF554954448EB6E15EC3CA60265D">Time-sensitive applications and the protection of databases</li>
        <li id="LI_3A3DB41FD9384187BE112337E47028D2">Business continuity applications that require the secondary site to act as the primary site when the primary site is down</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_148F7A4C856F466C91DFB88E455290A6">
      <title id="GUID-F34ACD73-5BCD-4FEC-9A75-9A2A6D343E52">Asynchronous replication</title>
      <p>Asynchronous replication continuously replicates data from a source cluster to a target cluster without waiting for the acknowledgments from the target cluster. During asynchronous replication, writes are acknowledged to the client (application) after they are committed on the source cluster.</p>
      <p>Asynchronous replication is appropriate for the following situations: </p>
      <ul id="UL_BB807C999257405EBD5FF1FE5A27E0DE">
        <li id="LI_9E5644CDB02747FB8A70DBC5BC8059B6">The disaster recovery site is far from the source and the application does not tolerate latencies induced by the network.</li>
        <li id="LI_5D263B75D3D344E4BB52D0FBEAE62855">There are bandwidth limitations on the network connecting the source and target clusters.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>