<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-011305D4-FD6F-4222-BCFC-8DC5612C836C" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-5E022C2A-2D04-4FC4-B9E2-A959D997F7C7">LDAP details</title>
  <shortdesc>The <wintitle>LDAP</wintitle> page on the <wintitle>Cluster</wintitle> tab provides information about the following settings.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>LDAP<indexterm>viewing settings</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="GUID-D398EDB1-6B3B-41A0-B7F5-449D9C7F2CE4">
      <note id="GUID-CB4B9EBF-380F-4724-8283-F3B05F664E59">You must enable LDAP to view these LDAP configuration settings. </note>
      <dl>
        <dlentry id="GUID-F8E0DE5B-D41F-4432-914D-AD7FBEE81034">
          <dt>Host Name/IP Address</dt>
          <dd>Address of an LDAP or LDAPS directory server.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-E39F25BA-4DDC-4B91-AD2F-036740A21614">
          <dt>Auth Type</dt>
          <dd>The user authentication method. Possible values: <ul id="UL_A6356228A2364B458E7DFB43C5F8625B"><li id="LI_F4772B3460534085AE69A14D64A74EF9"><option>Direct Bind</option></li><li id="LI_B99A2EB19A7C4BD1812F57EF9E4CB1DC"><option>Search And Bind</option></li></ul></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-AECDEAB0-A14D-4E40-B80F-4F66CF3E3BFA">
          <dt>Search Bind DN</dt>
          <dd>A fully qualified DN to log in with to perform an LDAP search for the user (needs bind-level access to the LDAP directory). </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-849FEB40-2202-4CB3-AB18-701CE334E43E">
          <dt>Search Bind Password</dt>
          <dd>Password used to authenticate access to the LDAP server.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-E962244E-5CDA-41A9-BA8A-9A608A2D9888">
          <dt>User Search Base DN</dt>
          <dd>The base DN of the tree used to start the user search. The system searches the subtree from the specified location.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-78AC34FB-7DB9-4042-BD18-378F14311AB6">
          <dt>User Search Filter</dt>
          <dd>Enter the following using your domain name: <p><userinput outputclass="linebreak">(&amp;(objectClass=person)(|(sAMAccountName=%USERNAME%)(userPrincipalName=%USERNAME%)))</userinput></p></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-D69DBEBD-DC83-485F-8E98-D0F08117640F">
          <dt>Group Search Type</dt>
          <dd>Type of search that controls the default group search filter used. Possible values: <ul id="UL_8E82711717C144BAB04F49DB464F7B66"><li id="LI_4C1E8E4C164A4ECEA23C3FBEADF859DC"><option>Active Directory</option>: Nested membership of all of a user’s LDAP groups.</li><li id="LI_64945314D9D2487681A9D269238D42E8"><option>No Groups</option>: No group support.</li><li id="LI_6DAD8898D81343C38A715C70B2010600"><option>Member DN</option>: Member DN-style groups (single-level).</li></ul></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-CD2B6E2F-F643-4131-BFE5-E13C708E68E6">
          <dt>Group Search Base DN</dt>
          <dd>The base DN of the tree used to start the group search. The system searches the subtree from the specified location.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-6B064326-4A66-4C91-8BF8-B3769C357A1C">
          <dt>Test User Authentication</dt>
          <dd>After LDAP is configured, use this to test the user name and password authentication for the LDAP server. Enter an account that already exists to test this. The distinguished name and user group information appears, which you can copy for later use when creating cluster administrators. </dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>