<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-04E59C5E-1F96-4D61-A070-7BEF1DF2D4F7" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-43D510C7-F5B8-4BCE-99D4-A96524EC45E5"> Backing up a volume snapshot to a SolidFire cluster</title>
  <shortdesc>You can back up volume snapshots residing on a SolidFire cluster to a remote SolidFire cluster.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>volume snapshots<indexterm>backing up to a SolidFire cluster</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="PREREQ_8D3822544F664AA1BC29C94A7EFA4D90">Ensure that the source and target clusters are paired.</prereq>
    <context id="GUID-4AEE9A7F-EB4A-4258-BFF9-47B374CD98D6">When backing up or restoring from one cluster to another, the system generates a key to be used as authentication between the clusters. This bulk volume write key allows the source cluster to authenticate with the destination cluster, providing a level of security when writing to the destination volume. As part of the backup or restore process, you need to generate a bulk volume write key from the destination volume before starting the operation.</context>
    <steps id="GUID-16E782EB-65E0-4641-A4AF-2475C392B61E">
      <step id="STEP_3F941A860E7044A8A0491DB48AB885DF">
        <cmd>On the destination cluster, click <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_5F649E9B60454D69B3FBA59C84559740">
        <cmd>Click the Actions icon for the destination volume.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_8EA159EFDF4240C6937207939A487528">
        <cmd>In the resulting menu, click <uicontrol>Restore from</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_A579BD5508D24A2BAE162D85BBB06111">
        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Integrated Restore</uicontrol> dialog box under <uicontrol>Restore from</uicontrol>, select <uicontrol>SolidFire</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_65AAC3BD43944721BED6CF9EAADABCF4">
        <cmd>Select a data format under <uicontrol>Data Format</uicontrol>:</cmd>
        <info>
          <ul id="UL_F7AC0187AAC046EE972CD83EA6A64EF8">
            <li id="LI_F4819E18B0124B53A40964FABC21E958">
              <uicontrol>Native</uicontrol>: A compressed format readable only by SolidFire storage systems.</li>
            <li id="LI_A2DAD999A7004215A85B203296402F80">
              <uicontrol>Uncompressed</uicontrol>: An uncompressed format compatible with other systems.</li>
          </ul>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_C7954CF4B2FC4EA88DD173A2C49D2467">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Generate Key</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_4B101D6BAB194FF1BEE4B6B1E788FA25">
        <cmd>Copy the key from the <uicontrol>Bulk Volume Write Key</uicontrol> box to your clipboard.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_92365CEEE3634563855FEBF7A821D1EC">
        <cmd>On the source cluster, click <menucascade><uicontrol>Data Protection</uicontrol><uicontrol>Snapshots</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_ADA287F50C5A414D887C82C7E7554E71">
        <cmd>Click the Actions icon for the snapshot you want to use for the backup.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_28840D26794344CCB6EA5CED5C27259A">
        <cmd>In the resulting menu, click <uicontrol>Backup to</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_F08319A26092411BB27A0E5E29FC4953">
        <cmd>In the<uicontrol> Integrated Backup</uicontrol> dialog box under <uicontrol>Backup to</uicontrol>, select <uicontrol>SolidFire</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_860C60845A07422A94FCAF644AB6C5BB">
        <cmd>Select the same data format you selected earlier in the <uicontrol>Data Format</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_A0D41522DDD0408A8B5FC0C8ADB18155">
        <cmd>Enter the management virtual IP address of the destination volume's cluster in the <uicontrol>Remote Cluster MVIP</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_698EC7D5356B4B199B6CAE85A9E1C1F2">
        <cmd>Enter the remote cluster user name in the <uicontrol>Remote Cluster Username</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_0D27B0249E2B4F22851ACE1086C20538">
        <cmd>Enter the remote cluster password in the <uicontrol>Remote Cluster Password </uicontrol> field.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_1E0836B4F32F428487717CBEA4E47701">
        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Bulk Volume Write Key</uicontrol> field, paste the key you generated on the destination cluster earlier.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_B9780DD63F9E4C94913AA1984C644CB5">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Start Read</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>