<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-1BE54252-BB62-4549-8678-2A683EF7DCC9" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-5E022C2A-2D04-4FC4-B9E2-A959D997F7C7">Change the Element software default SSL
        certificate</title>
  <shortdesc>You can change the default SSL certificate and private key of the storage node in the cluster using the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph><ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> API.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>ssl certificate</keyword>
        <indexterm>SSL certificate</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="SECTION_44247B2C52C645E78CBE23F0CBEE65F0">
      <p>When a <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-ELEMENT-SOFTWARE">NetApp Element software</ph> cluster is created, the cluster creates a unique self-signed Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate and private key that is used for all HTTPS communication via the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI, per-node UI, or APIs. <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software supports self-signed certificates as well as certificates that are issued and verified by a trusted Certificate Authority (CA).</p>
      <p>You can use the following API methods to get more information about the default SSL certificate and make changes. For information about each method, see the <cite>NetApp Element Software API Reference Guide</cite>. <dl><dlentry id="GUID-5BC6C5DC-143F-4E98-A8D7-06781BF0C75A"><dt>GetSSLCertificate</dt><dd>You can use this method to retrieve information about the currently installed SSL certificate including all certificate details.</dd></dlentry></dl><dl><dlentry id="GUID-9EF3DE75-828F-4673-8F6E-7AA029DFA7DC"><dt>SetSSLCertificate</dt><dd>You can use this method to set the cluster and per-node SSL certificates to the certificate and private key you supply. The system validates the certificate and private key to prevent an invalid certificate from being applied.</dd></dlentry></dl><dl><dlentry id="GUID-2B4D76D0-0CC7-4168-8724-16665D06BBBE"><dt>RemoveSSLCertificate</dt><dd>This method removes the currently installed SSL certificate and private key. The cluster then generates a new self-signed certificate and private key.</dd></dlentry></dl><note id="GUID-4A8C3B13-57DD-4ADD-AF4F-DE0DDFA1F482">The cluster SSL certificate is automatically applied to all new nodes added to the cluster. Any node removed from the cluster reverts to a self-signed certificate and all user-defined certificate and key information is removed from the node.</note></p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>