<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-2C284F24-CBF2-470B-8890-367148874647" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-280EC7E8-7E29-4C37-B063-EE75EA39B0B1">SolidFire software interfaces</title>
  <shortdesc>You can manage a SolidFire storage system by using <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-ELEMENT-SOFTWARE">NetApp Element software</ph> interfaces and integration utilities. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <dl>
      <dlentry id="GUID-868A0C7B-B5FF-4BB0-A79A-E64E785EB146">
        <dt>
          <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-ELEMENT-SOFTWARE">NetApp Element software</ph> user interface</dt>
        <dd>
          <ph conref="218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3_.dita#GUID-218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3/PROD_ELEMENT_UI" />
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry id="GUID-19DF569A-DAF6-4199-840C-ADA21976835A">
        <dt>
          <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/VCP-LONG">NetApp Element Plug-in for vCenter Server</ph>
        </dt>
        <dd>
          <p>
            <ph conref="218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3_.dita#GUID-218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3/PROD_VCP_UI" />
          </p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry id="GUID-0417FE06-8936-4B2D-9D71-963DBCC9FE85">
        <dt>
          <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-ELEMENT-SOFTWARE">NetApp Element software</ph> API</dt>
        <dd>
          <ph conref="218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3_.dita#GUID-218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3/PROD_ELEMENT_API" />
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry id="GUID-127F988F-F3BA-494F-BFE4-D0DCC77B9B05">
        <dt>Management node UIs</dt>
        <dd>
          <p>The management node contains two UIs: a UI for managing REST-based services and a per-node UI for managing network and cluster settings and operating system tests and utilities. From the REST API UI, you can access a menu of service-related APIs that control management services on the management node.</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
    </dl>
    <section id="SECTION_F258A12840EC4F7CBC8AF6FB8694AF1D">
      <title id="GUID-795AFD33-2C49-4F61-8CA7-BE9865FD4859">Additional integration utilities and tools</title>
      <p>While you typically manage your storage with NetApp Element, NetApp Element API, and NetApp Element Plug-in for vCenter Server, you can use additional utilities and tools. </p>
      <ul id="UL_0F9337A8EFAC4B4B8A6B596AE5FBEFF9">
        <li id="LI_6307D552FC8F4AD99F969AF8999FEB04">
          <xref keyref="ntap-dl-sf-vro" />
          <p>Provides a convenient way to use the SolidFire API to administer your SolidFire storage system with <tm tmtype="tm">VMware vRealize Orchestrator</tm>.</p>
        </li>
        <li id="LI_AADA06EA469A498EBF1C2E56FD052978">
          <xref keyref="ntap-dl-sf-sdk" />
          <p>Enables you to manage your SolidFire cluster using these tools: </p>
          <ul id="GUID-60095305-8BC7-47F9-9ACA-C7F1AA67A6C0">
            <li>SolidFire command line</li>
            <li>SolidFire Postman API testing suite: Enables programmers to use a collection of Postman functions that test SolidFire API calls. </li>
            <li>SolidFire PowerShell: Enables programmers to use a collection of <tm tmtype="reg">Microsoft</tm><tm tmtype="reg">Windows</tm> ﻿ <tm tmtype="reg">PowerShell</tm> functions that use the SolidFire API to manage a SolidFire storage system. </li>
            <li>SolidFire SDK Java: Enables programmers to integrate the SolidFire API with the <tm tmtype="tm">Java</tm> programming language. </li>
            <li>SolidFire SDK .NET: Enables programmers to integrate the SolidFire API with the .NET programming platform.</li>
            <li>SolidFire SDK Python: Enables programmers to integrate the SolidFire API with the <tm tmtype="tm">Python</tm> programming language.</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li id="LI_750D15077660455CA443B5838E414A0F">
          <xref keyref="ntap-dl-sf-sra" />
          <p>Integrates with the <tm tmtype="reg">VMware</tm><tm tmtype="tm">Site Recovery Manager</tm> (SRM) to enable communication with replicated SolidFire storage clusters (arrays) and execute supported workflows.</p>
        </li>
        <li id="LI_00195F4064684C15A9AD97687403772C">
          <xref keyref="ntap-dl-sf-vss" />
          <p>Integrates VSS shadow copies with SolidFire snapshots and clones.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>