<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-353F1C18-BE5A-488C-8033-7CC20C9D316A" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-65009951-CEA8-40C0-92B8-10D84330EED0">Node versioning and compatibility</title>
  <shortdesc>Node compatibility is based on the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software version installed on a node. <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software-based storage clusters automatically image a node to the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software version on the cluster if the node and cluster are not at compatible versions. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>compatibility</keyword>
        <keyword>node version</keyword>
        <indexterm>nodes<indexterm>versioning</indexterm><indexterm>version numbers</indexterm><indexterm>Element software version</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>The following list describes the software release significance levels that make up the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software version number:<dl><dlentry id="GUID-F2EAF8B3-C2C4-4EC3-97B5-2EA011E6825A"><dt>Major</dt><dd>The first number designates a software release. A node with one major component number cannot be added to a cluster containing nodes of a different major-patch number, nor can a cluster be created with nodes of mixed major versions.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-39257958-1115-4051-966E-161F498E17B4"><dt>Minor</dt><dd>The second number designates smaller software features or enhancements to existing software features that have been added to a major release. This component is incremented within a major version component to indicate that this incremental release is not compatible with any other <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software incremental releases with a different minor component. For example, 11.0 is not compatible with 11.1, and 11.1 is not compatible with 11.2.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-7D41435F-91FA-4180-99E1-A5FE87E11D12"><dt>Micro</dt><dd>The third number designates a compatible patch (incremental release) to the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software version represented by the major.minor components. For example, 11.0.1 is compatible with 11.0.2, and 11.0.2 is compatible with 11.0.3.</dd></dlentry></dl>Major and minor version numbers must match for compatibility. Micro numbers do not have to match for compatibility.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>