<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-39310923-B7E5-4667-97DF-698DC52196EB" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-0D9F07B9-C186-4090-9E45-0692B1C2E7AD">Pair volumes using a volume ID</title>
  <shortdesc>You can pair a volume with another volume on a remote cluster if you have cluster administrator credentials for the remote cluster.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>volumes<indexterm>pairing using a volume ID</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>replication<indexterm>pairing volumes using a volume ID</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="GUID-021EE459-7D78-4167-B36B-AA2D5881DFC5">
      <ul id="UL_3E1386C451A54897B7D72FDC9D4DB3AB">
        <li id="LI_5002CAA1453042C493F476B52A729AD9">Ensure that the clusters containing the volumes are paired.</li>
        <li id="LI_481F6E59BE2C422FBD0AEC08A41AB301">Create a new volume on the remote cluster.<note id="GUID-6F057B3B-F4D9-4EEB-B033-D2DBCDE72C4A">You can assign a replication source and target after the pairing process. A replication source or target can be either volume in a volume pair. You should create a target volume that contains no data and has the exact characteristics of the source volume, such as size, block size setting for the volumes (either 512e or 4k), and QoS configuration. If you assign an existing volume as the replication target, the data on that volume will be overwritten. The target volume can be greater or equal in size to the source volume, but it cannot be smaller.</note></li>
        <li id="LI_37669443528F4021AF8C66CDFF251608">Know the target Volume ID.</li>
      </ul>
    </prereq>
    <steps id="GUID-565FCF6F-2BC5-4D25-8324-BB57CE1B73EA">
      <step id="STEP_A6981728A9764EA18F6071D98007334F">
        <cmd>Select <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_6DD660CCE8D24B9FAA46F46E3C0332CA">
        <cmd>Click the Actions icon for the volume you want to pair.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_9A8F738EC09649448A79D3C27F643700">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Pair</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_55A242915716488887E4836C50937565">
        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Pair Volume</uicontrol> dialog box, select <uicontrol>Start Pairing</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_5F2D2CACFF2A46F99EFB99BCC90F85AD">
        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>I Do</uicontrol> to indicate that you have access to the remote cluster.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_5471D1D9D38A44ADA73F12217D6182F7">
        <cmd>Select a <uicontrol>Replication Mode</uicontrol> from the list:</cmd>
        <info>
          <ul id="UL_B0BC1387F7324F3881F9BE8A39165774">
            <li id="LI_36E7BA155E0A4330A9CDC14FFFD42698">
              <uicontrol>Real-time (Asynchronous)</uicontrol>: Writes are acknowledged to the client after they are committed on the source cluster.</li>
            <li id="LI_54BDAF81098049CC9F23FB4B49618BDB">
              <uicontrol>Real-time (Synchronous)</uicontrol>: Writes are acknowledged to the client after they are committed on both the source and target clusters.</li>
            <li id="LI_F551BDC67F094F2EB04A677C24FC1A23">
              <uicontrol>Snapshots Only</uicontrol>: Only snapshots created on the source cluster are replicated. Active writes from the source volume are not replicated.</li>
          </ul>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_ECA0FD7BE45E46D98658886E5F7265BB">
        <cmd>Select a remote cluster from the list.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_144FE8E8F4574AFCAD7433DBFD124D90">
        <cmd>Choose a  remote volume ID.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_ED5BA48B505D44BF98FE072C685D6571">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Start Pairing</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p>The system opens a web browser tab that connects to the Element UI of the remote cluster. You might be required to log on to the remote cluster with cluster administrator credentials.</p>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_800BFFC78ABA49D59F625406B1A4DC0E">
        <cmd>In the Element UI of the remote cluster, select <uicontrol>Complete Pairing</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_6AFF00540C614EF792750ED00B544093">
        <cmd>Confirm the details in <uicontrol>Confirm Volume Pairing</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_6633E14FE2934572ABB2F93C357CE33F">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Complete Pairing</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p>After you confirm the pairing, the two clusters begin the process of connecting the volumes for pairing.  During the pairing process, you can see messages in the <uicontrol>Volume Status</uicontrol> column of the <uicontrol>Volume Pairs</uicontrol> window. The volume pair displays the following message until the volume pair source and target are assigned: <codeph>PausedMisconfigured</codeph></p>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>