<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-3D123503-3079-4DCA-AED4-5B2EB09B8131" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-96B39936-CADB-4B14-84BA-1117342883A8">Add a virtual network</title>
  <shortdesc>You can add a new virtual network to a cluster configuration to enable a multi-tenant environment connection to a cluster running <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>virtual network</keyword>
        <indexterm>virtual networks<indexterm>adding</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="GUID-DD8B4D06-12DD-4A12-AE54-C6C89968F0F3">
      <ul id="UL_C3358BF0D4134E63865084DB16E20662">
        <li id="LI_04D97201EA604889A8F8DB50534E7E94">Identify the block of IP addresses that will be assigned to the virtual networks on the cluster nodes.</li>
        <li id="LI_7EA264F05C384BC9A9C133C630D6DDA2">Identify a storage network IP (SVIP) address that will be used as an endpoint for all NetApp <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> storage traffic.</li>
      </ul>
      <note type="attention" id="GUID-C9024E0F-583E-47A6-B418-FF610F660E01">You must consider the following criteria for this configuration:<ul id="UL_2983BC8A4B064DB990F9550173D3641B"><li id="LI_449C43AAC5324C72B2844EE06DEED540">VLANs that are not VRF-enabled require initiators to be in the same subnet as the SVIP.</li><li id="LI_FA75900E43D7415E975B1ED75BA89F05">VLANs that are VRF-enabled do not require initiators to be in the same subnet as the SVIP, and routing is supported.</li><li id="LI_3088FC585A8240B69B5CE903134D1248">The default SVIP does not require initiators to be in the same subnet as the SVIP, and routing is supported.</li></ul></note>
    </prereq>
    <context id="GUID-E6024585-6714-440E-83EF-448260EC663D">
      <p>When a virtual network is added, an interface for each node is created and each requires a virtual network IP address. The number of IP addresses you specify when creating a new virtual network must be equal to or greater than the number of nodes in the cluster. Virtual network addresses are bulk provisioned by and assigned to individual nodes automatically. You do not need to manually assign virtual network addresses to the nodes in the cluster.</p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-5C277BB0-D5E4-4B6E-974C-F09DBFF3D09F">
      <step id="STEP_83B5670CC55F40EA9897401C409E06F4">
        <cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol><uicontrol>Network</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_04B00AD50B7D446FB283BCE395ACCAFE">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create VLAN</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_A4A24A45C40949269C89B2DF96B3A20B">
        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Create a New VLAN</uicontrol> dialog box, enter values in the following fields:</cmd>
        <info>
          <ul id="UL_2A50027AF2AC4701B925F3DD434BE66E">
            <li id="LI_BABBD82B388E4401B68B8194FA65D024">
              <uicontrol>VLAN Name</uicontrol>
            </li>
            <li id="LI_28676899FA63416185045C6265830647">
              <uicontrol>VLAN Tag</uicontrol>
            </li>
            <li id="LI_3BA8DD304C4B4FEBBDA28DB6F95E3F1E">
              <uicontrol>SVIP</uicontrol>
            </li>
            <li id="LI_C38D5FB966184F8496996B8FC5D21814">
              <uicontrol>Netmask</uicontrol>
            </li>
            <li id="LI_54D59878A66D4D92ADF92636CAAAD267">(Optional) <uicontrol>Description</uicontrol></li>
          </ul>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_29DDC8E760814D0D985B2E0E3393BF60">
        <cmd>Enter the <uicontrol>Starting IP</uicontrol> address for the range of IP addresses in <uicontrol>IP Address Blocks</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_291C8F21D4E241E7B42C76A5A854E83F">
        <cmd>Enter the <uicontrol>Size</uicontrol> of the IP range as the number of IP addresses to include in the block.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_8FCCB928576746A4830EEA40596D15A7">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add a Block</uicontrol> to add a non-continuous block of IP addresses for this VLAN.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_245D5317FB1848C0B7584597B26E0F7C">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create VLAN</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>