<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-469EA388-6B36-4721-A7CD-E5BF52B69C66" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-4628C4F4-D004-4279-A0FD-FFDAEC84D06C">SolidFire_conrefs</title>
  <shortdesc>Contains conrefs we've converted from old content as well as new items.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords />
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p />
    <section id="SECTION_1A1D3AF13FBA4A689E251708C69D514E">
      <title id="GUID-C793A749-899B-41BE-ABC2-043240BF9EF5">platformInfo conref</title>
      <p>
        <ph id="PLAT_INFO">Hardware information for the node. Members:</ph>
        <ul id="UL_B618531AD3C946FE920E0D828E5ABAA9">
          <li id="LI_084B861451C14527854F78C00EE54E85">
            <option>chassisType</option>: The hardware platform of the node.</li>
          <li id="LI_EABA4648F891415D838A96F34B61468D">
            <option>cpuModel</option>: The CPU model of the hardware platform.</li>
          <li id="LI_DDCCB2F087964ED8AC2FD1A43E07A21D">
            <option>nodeMemoryGB</option>: The amount of memory installed in the physical platform in GB.</li>
          <li id="LI_4FD7A8C6F5494B2984D490C43A1C7941">
            <option>nodeType</option>: The node model name.</li>
          <li id="LI_C9CB8F60549B47208B6095FDB64E67CE">
            <option>platformConfigVersion</option>: The version of software configured for this node hardware.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_E217CD242B1440B0A8386E0B50E69DDB">
      <title id="GUID-4AE2C46D-EB35-4D08-AC0F-1162C9968330">SolidFire storage cluster fullness levels</title>
      <p>
        <ph>Cluster fullness levels:</ph>
      </p>
      <ul id="UL_63CD853B8F8A452B895040289D6CC955">
        <li id="LI_F46A4BB6E41A4C7E9CB7B031342C4504">
          <option>stage1Happy</option>: No alerts or error conditions. Corresponds to the <uicontrol>Healthy</uicontrol> state in the web UI.</li>
        <li id="LI_5EBED65FD52142979EF63534955A9A1C">
          <option>stage2Aware</option>: No alerts or error conditions. Corresponds to the <uicontrol>Healthy</uicontrol> state in the web UI.</li>
        <li id="LI_63F4368CB55642C0973DFCBB8284B54B">
          <option>stage3Low</option>: Your system cannot provide  redundant data protection from two non-simultaneous node failures. Corresponds to the <uicontrol>Warning</uicontrol> state in the web UI. You can configure this level in the web UI (by default, the system triggers this alert at a capacity of 3% below the Error state).</li>
        <li id="LI_782BEA3E2E274937A39623A897391DFE">
          <option>stage4Critical</option>: The system is not capable of providing  redundant data protection from a single node failure. No new volumes or clones can be created. Corresponds to the <uicontrol>Error</uicontrol> state in the Element UI.</li>
        <li id="LI_776E097ED3E348258414EE4A4E77AE9A">
          <option>stage5CompletelyConsumed</option>: Completely consumed. The cluster is read-only and iSCSI connections are maintained, but all writes are suspended. Corresponds to the <uicontrol>Critical</uicontrol> state in the Element UI.</li>
      </ul>
      <p />
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_C9022F234EE94AF0B1E839CDBD4EAFD6">
      <dl>
        <dlentry id="GUID-F08F52A2-1B2E-48B6-B28D-87B140A51D68">
          <dt>Volume Utilization</dt>
          <dd>A percentage value that describes how much the client is using the volume. 						</dd>
          <dd>Possible values:<ul id="UL_E2D18AAAE2E545ECB23235738F6B0C1D"><li id="LI_5A3136A2D941485699929F7FB26761F8">0 = Client is not using the volume</li><li id="LI_1994143F8E5644C79E9878FC4D773FD0">100 = Client is using the max</li><li id="LI_41910E58269B42BFB1641A5AC11C2C02">&gt;100 = Client is using the burst</li></ul></dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_F743F284CCD041D6BC24EEFCEB6F5A49">
      <note id="GUID-B2DDE438-2CCB-4297-BC7C-BC63F0F7E3FC">The default volume size selection is in GB. You can create volumes using sizes measured in GB or GiB:<ul id="UL_916BD3C20524451AA69F4E898EBA0B70"><li id="LI_A6DDC315F8B84B878E286217276B2C7B">1GB = 1 000 000 000 bytes</li><li id="LI_6908F44DFA6D45689444906ABF138BBC"> 1GiB = 1 073 741 824 bytes</li></ul></note>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_C72161FA5DA84AE3A210043E41B1E49F">
      <note id="GUID-9CABE6E7-4004-48C9-8897-30CCE999E2BC">Volume access groups have the following limits:<ul id="UL_877640EFF0304D9CB6D8606FCE3745C7"><li id="LI_CDDBE550EE91493E9E2C72AEA63F2367">A maximum of 64 IQNs or WWPNs are allowed in an access group.</li><li id="LI_FB0FB5EC60D24986A6E6FA60632B4982">An access group can be made up of a maximum of 2000 volumes.</li><li id="LI_46D4975244F54909992AAF7592EBC7E3">An IQN or WWPN can belong to only one access group.</li><li id="LI_37ECFE23EBD945C492858565FBCBA473">A single volume can belong to a maximum of four access groups.</li></ul></note>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_4EAD02AD04504464B1A3D14F3627C67E">
      <ul id="UL_6C044E11EF734206870266E7FD5CA29F">
        <li id="LI_B57B52730897497EA35B94D3104470C6">The accepted format of an initiator IQN is <filepath>iqn.yyyy-mm</filepath> where <option>y</option> and <option>m</option> are digits followed by text which must only contain digits, lower-case alphabetic characters, a period (.), colon (:) or dash (-).<p>A sample of the format is as follows:</p><codeblock xml:space="preserve">iqn.2010-01.com.solidfire:c2r9.fc0.2100000e1e09bb8b</codeblock></li>
        <li id="LI_67C5B2ACA00F4BBAA7650B7EA90C2684">The accepted format of a Fibre Channel initiator WWPN is <filepath>:Aa:bB:CC:dd:11:22:33:44</filepath> or <filepath>AabBCCdd11223344</filepath>.<p>A sample of the format is as follows:</p><codeblock xml:space="preserve">5f:47:ac:c0:5c:74:d4:02</codeblock></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>