<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-58E03E89-C183-4E23-B9B4-8D466210E8B4" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-DB5D0ECB-C5DF-467D-9DBE-C9DD335D7ACB">Understand cluster fullness levels</title>
  <shortdesc>The cluster running Element software generates cluster faults to warn the storage administrator when the cluster is running out of capacity. There are three levels of cluster fullness, all of which are displayed in the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph> Element UI: warning, error, and critical.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>cluster fullness levels</keyword>
        <keyword>understanding</keyword>
        <keyword>fullness levels</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>The system uses the BlockClusterFull error code to warn about cluster block storage fullness. You can view the cluster fullness severity levels from the <wintitle>Alerts</wintitle> tab of the Element UI. </p>
    <p>The following list includes information about the BlockClusterFull severity levels:<dl><dlentry id="GUID-B767F435-9C4A-4C63-B7F9-C70482B57A42"><dt>Warning</dt><dd>This is a customer-configurable warning that appears when the cluster's block capacity is approaching the error severity level.  By default, this level is set at three percent under the error level and can be tuned via the Element UI and API. You must add more capacity, or free up capacity as soon as possible.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-787A1673-DB7D-48E0-BB65-29C5634E99D6"><dt>Error</dt><dd>When the cluster is in this state, if a node is lost, there will not be enough capacity in the cluster to rebuild Double Helix data protection.  New volume creation, clones, and snapshots are all blocked while the cluster is in this state.  This is not a safe or recommended state for any cluster to be in. You must add more capacity, or free up capacity immediately.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-FD165268-36B2-4CEF-9A99-C78A3D89CF52"><dt>Critical</dt><dd>This critical error has occurred because the cluster is 100 percent consumed. It is in a read-only state and no new iSCSI connections can be made to the cluster. When this stage is reached, you must free up or add more capacity immediately.</dd></dlentry></dl></p>
    <p>The system uses the MetadataClusterFull error code to warn about cluster metadata storage fullness. You can view the cluster metadata storage fullness from the Cluster Capacity section on the <wintitle>Overview</wintitle> page of the <wintitle>Reporting</wintitle> tab in the Element UI. </p>
    <p>The following list includes information about the MetadataClusterFull severity levels:<dl><dlentry id="GUID-3105D8A9-2D9D-4849-BE56-A2C4D1EC67FC"><dt>Warning</dt><dd>This is a customer-configurable warning that appears when the cluster's metatdata capacity is approaching the error severity level. By default, this level is set at three percent under the error level and can be tuned via the Element API. You must add more capacity, or free up capacity as soon as possible.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-C1026102-98F3-4F2D-903F-E0282386362A"><dt>Error</dt><dd>When the cluster is in this state, if a node is lost, there will not be enough capacity in the cluster to rebuild Double Helix data protection.  New volume creation, clones, and snapshots are all blocked while the cluster is in this state.  This is not a safe or recommended state for any cluster to be in. You must add more capacity, or free up capacity immediately.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-A0F6785C-B4B5-45F6-BA5C-00E3315432F5"><dt>Critical</dt><dd>This critical error has occurred because the cluster is 100 percent consumed. It is in a read-only state and no new iSCSI connections can be made to the cluster. When this stage is reached, you must free up or add more capacity immediately.</dd></dlentry></dl></p>
    <note id="GUID-4BD0EA19-E8E9-4273-88E3-8A997ADAD82E"> The following applies to two-node cluster thresholds:<ul id="GUID-0F10D4AF-4334-4611-840B-008B200A6279"><li>Metadata fullness error is 20% below critical.</li><li>Block fullness error is 1 block drive (including stranded capacity) below critical; meaning that it is two block drives worth of capacity below critical.</li></ul></note>
  </conbody>
</concept>