<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-6583A19C-C324-4259-ABFB-C34EC6347318" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-A8FA7C87-C9E4-4E26-A7A8-553246ED9638">Delete a volume</title>
  <shortdesc>You can delete one or more volumes from an Element storage cluster. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>volumes<indexterm>deleting</indexterm><indexterm>deleting a volume with an associated snapshot</indexterm><indexterm>length of time before purge</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="GUID-95F6E025-023D-4637-A0C9-9F124864D638">
      <p>The system does not immediately purge a deleted volume; the volume remains available for approximately eight hours. If you restore a volume before the system purges it, the volume comes back online and iSCSI connections are restored.</p>
      <p>If a volume used to create a snapshot is deleted, its associated snapshots become inactive. When the deleted source volumes are purged, the associated inactive snapshots are also removed from the system.<note type="attention" id="GUID-2AC602C5-77D9-4002-BBC8-DE097991089B">Persistent volumes that are associated with management services are created and assigned to a new account during installation or upgrade. If you are using persistent volumes, do not modify or delete the volumes or their associated account.</note></p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-73F03F94-F600-475B-9C21-792428B68568">
      <step id="STEP_880872913D0D4029B6180DE78123C262">
        <cmd>Select <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_BB4A5ACF4A04485AAC57C374AF5B274A">
        <cmd>To delete a single volume, perform the following steps:</cmd>
        <substeps id="SUBSTEPS_060A9C01AFDA4688A72A67D8AE44B3D1">
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_ACD8D2FF72074A65B1BABDB78AED7601">
            <cmd>Click the Actions icon for the volume you want to delete.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_1BEF8899A3BD4691B2CE090DE3FA6FBC">
            <cmd>In the resulting menu, click <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_E4AE72ABE06041C896EF19B0C312D182">
            <cmd>Confirm the action.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <stepresult>The system moves the volume to the <uicontrol>Deleted</uicontrol> area on the <uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol> page.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_16A432A574B641A3B0DA882804B53331">
        <cmd>To delete multiple volumes, perform the following steps:</cmd>
        <substeps id="SUBSTEPS_DCB184458D8F4B67BFB7FE7B6FAA09A0">
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_8C40AE8957E143A996B29DFB8D9806E8">
            <cmd>In the list of volumes, check the box next to any volumes you want to delete.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_E7819E32AA4D4554B09CA21276DD3B90">
            <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Bulk Actions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_33FB25EC1E3D46C2A828627C3B534A6B">
            <cmd>In the resulting menu, click <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_C13B1506889E4703B195C50AEECAEC76">
            <cmd>Confirm the action.</cmd>
            <stepresult>The system moves the volumes to the <uicontrol>Deleted</uicontrol> area on the <uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol> page.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links />
</task>