<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-661B8E4A-9142-4548-8822-9D4376143641" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-79501ED4-6BAF-4A34-A09A-8568428115BF">Add a single initiator to a volume access
                        group</title>
  <shortdesc>You can add an initiator to an existing volume access group.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>initiators<indexterm>adding to a volume access group</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>access groups<indexterm>adding a single initiator</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="CONTEXT_24337F834C35449C94A937E33A06D10C">
      <p>When you add an initiator to a volume access group, the initiator has access to all volumes in that volume access group.<note type="tip" id="GUID-36429269-C119-49D0-A604-6B1775E173C0">You can find the initiator for each volume by clicking the Actions icon and then selecting <uicontrol>View Details</uicontrol>  for the volume in the active volumes list.</note></p>
      <p>If you use initiator-based CHAP, you can add CHAP credentials for a single initiator in a volume access group, providing more security. This enables you to apply this option for volume access groups that already exist. </p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-378D42D5-1800-4AA1-B304-5CC6B1456491">
      <step id="STEP_D144764A7AD44DDEA7F8845D8FCC00E5">
        <cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Access Groups</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_8BF7EE564157412D9EAF98356758726A">
        <cmd>Click the Actions icon for the access group you want to edit.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_91D4A0E6EDC94D628867BF7CF5896F9E">
        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_D718D0CF8FA4466291E857FA44A95A81">
        <cmd>To add a Fibre Channel initiator to the volume access group, perform the following steps:</cmd>
        <substeps id="SUBSTEPS_3EBD5CB402FD4C74BB2ED591C624DCE0">
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_600683F175944A29B87B3D5202ADB41E">
            <cmd>Under Add Initiators, select an existing Fibre Channel initiator from the <uicontrol>Unbound Fibre Channel Initiators</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_AE08A9AFC1C647BBAA76F264601E163B">
            <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add FC Initiator</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <info>
          <note id="GUID-2C173FC7-66AC-43E0-9E1B-3624173DEFFC">You can create an initiator during this step if you click the <uicontrol>Create Initiator</uicontrol> link, enter an initiator name, and click <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>. The system automatically adds the initiator to the <uicontrol>Initiators</uicontrol> list after you create it.</note>
        </info>
        <info>A sample of the format is as follows:<codeblock xml:space="preserve">5f:47:ac:c0:5c:74:d4:02</codeblock></info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_27762E0AB6B745AB89AACB14089F6ED3">
        <cmd>To add an iSCSI initiator to the volume access group, under Add Initiators, select an existing initiator from the <uicontrol>Initiators</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note id="GUID-88A1D9A3-8E46-4097-B994-3715896BBAAA">You can create an initiator during this step if you click the <uicontrol>Create Initiator</uicontrol> link, enter an initiator name, and click <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>. The system automatically adds the initiator to the <uicontrol>Initiators</uicontrol> list after you create it.</note>
        </info>
        <info>The accepted format of an initiator   IQN is as follows: iqn.yyyy-mm, in which y and m are digits, followed by text which must only contain digits, lower-case alphabetic characters, a period (.), colon (:) or dash (-).</info>
        <info>A sample of the format is as follows:<codeblock xml:space="preserve">iqn.2010-01.com.solidfire:c2r9.fc0.2100000e1e09bb8b</codeblock><note type="tip" id="GUID-FB405DD5-C7E1-4410-A833-55C88879C261">You can find the initiator IQN for each volume from the <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol></menucascade> Active Volumes page  by clicking the Actions icon and then selecting <uicontrol>View Details</uicontrol> for the volume.</note></info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_00BC6D79F5A8413F834402B987CC3732">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save Changes</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>