<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-66CE06A9-D29D-443C-8D94-B6F0419707EB" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-B5F1401F-EE72-4CE3-8F24-98805696E99E">Assign a replication source and target to paired volumes</title>
  <shortdesc>After volumes are paired, you must assign a source volume and its replication target volume. A replication source or target can be  either volume in a volume pair. You can also use this procedure to redirect data sent to a source volume to a remote target volume  should the source volume become unavailable.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>volume pairs<indexterm>assigning a replication source</indexterm><indexterm>assigning a replication target</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>volumes<indexterm>assigning a replication source</indexterm><indexterm>assigning a replication target</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>replication<indexterm>assigning a replication source volume</indexterm><indexterm>assigning a replication target</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="GUID-C5B37060-2350-4306-AB3E-4B6FFA15CD55">You have access to the clusters containing the source and target volumes.</prereq>
    <steps id="GUID-4E0025C2-73A3-4B7D-AFA3-1AA03633E92C">
      <step id="STEP_60B7A8884A9A4B8391DA29562409A65D">
        <cmd>Prepare the source volume:</cmd>
        <substeps id="SUBSTEPS_9ECAA6FD24464A5BB305CC529A2BDA6A">
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_738BAB6C5BC64470B812E05D44B4C4EB">
            <cmd>From the cluster that contains the volume you want to assign as source, select <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_BC7F92A8E95044189E0053863D21F61D">
            <cmd>Click the Actions icon  for the volume you want to assign as source and click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_0D6E3C07735A4581BC126EF83F683A50">
            <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Access</uicontrol> drop-down list, select <uicontrol>Read/Write</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            <info>
              <note type="attention" id="GUID-138D3828-8A7D-4E3B-A2F6-018543E671FE">If you are reversing source and target assignment, this action will cause the volume pair to display the following message until a new replication target is assigned: <codeph>PausedMisconfigured</codeph><p>Changing access pauses volume replication and causes the transmission of data to cease. Be sure that you have coordinated these changes at both sites.</p></note>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_C2BA45E8D30C4481A73CC960252F5C71">
            <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save Changes</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_65C9B0B679C949CC953E904EF79783ED">
        <cmd>Prepare the target volume: </cmd>
        <substeps id="SUBSTEPS_13FFFF426606401A8E48735DE551FB51">
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_26F43A81A4C5415F8E63697FA6111B35">
            <cmd>From the cluster that contains the volume you want to assign as target, select <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_E46B5F67001F41FB993600D3B1D2C03A">
            <cmd>Click the Actions icon for the volume you want to assign as target and click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_5A325C2F872B49498D065F039A017386">
            <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Access</uicontrol> drop-down list, select <uicontrol>Replication Target</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            <info>
              <note type="attention" id="GUID-6A3BB251-5C7A-426A-82C5-D09061593343">If you assign an existing volume as the replication target, the data on that volume will be overwritten. You should use  a new target volume that contains no data and has the exact characteristics of the  source volume, such as size, 512e setting, and QoS configuration. The target volume can be greater or equal in size  to the source volume, but it cannot be smaller.</note>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep id="SUBSTEP_78F6229B856E45C79DB93F2F0E730966">
            <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save Changes</uicontrol>.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>