<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-68C0C23C-8DE4-4E95-9149-5248C95DA62C" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-E232DEE9-F7E3-4AAB-98B3-879C61A8D6C7">Edit snapshot retention</title>
  <shortdesc>You can change the retention period for a snapshot to control when or if the system deletes snapshots. The retention period you specify begins when you enter the new interval. When you set a retention period, you can select a period that begins at the current time (retention is not calculated from the snapshot creation time). You can specify intervals in minutes, hours, and days.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>volume snapshots<indexterm>editing the retention period for</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <steps id="GUID-2DAEA18B-F78D-45DE-9D19-268FC23F80DA">
      <step id="STEP_90D70AB7C4B445FC8C52C031E7B7D9F4">
        <cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Data Protection</uicontrol><uicontrol>Snapshots</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_49C543A167A742B5907A17F19511FA72">
        <cmd>Click the Actions icon for the snapshot you want to edit.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_B2C3C1E73A1F4C3381683E190C9B59A9">
        <cmd>In the resulting menu, click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_FDCAE3284B274100B1F7168B7D272992" importance="optional">
        <cmd>Select the<uicontrol> Include Snapshot in Replication When Paired </uicontrol> check box to ensure that the snapshot is captured in
replication when the parent volume is paired.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_C72E7E6839E942B892854D96A5304AD2" importance="optional">
        <cmd>Select a retention option for the snapshot:</cmd>
        <choices id="CHOICES_E3E3F119767C48A18BF477612B0AAA1A">
          <choice id="CHOICE_2C4E8A6EEF554F26BF3755E777EC9ADC">Click <uicontrol>Keep Forever</uicontrol> to retain the snapshot on the system indefinitely.</choice>
          <choice id="CHOICE_EF91C7BFA9704C3089259FCF8B170CFE">Click <uicontrol>Set Retention Period</uicontrol> and use the date spin boxes to select a length of time for the system to retain the snapshot.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_4C6AB0FAA5FA4D7D8ACFD8393BE2F9C5">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save Changes</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>