<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-6F394D19-0B48-4902-A30C-0B4DBE4892E8" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-4B1012C0-AF25-4C9D-84AB-F34A3D8413FD"> Back up a volume to a SolidFire storage cluster</title>
  <shortdesc>You can back up volumes residing on a cluster to a remote cluster for storage clusters running Element software.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>volumes<indexterm>backing up to a SolidFire storage cluster</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="GUID-8AB370E8-A5DE-4A5A-9476-5BD486524C2E">Ensure that the source and target clusters are paired. See Cluster Pairing for more information.</prereq>
    <context id="GUID-2E54DE86-9515-42E9-8984-AC5393E9815B">When backing up or restoring from one cluster to another, the system generates a key to be used as authentication between the clusters. This bulk volume write key allows the source cluster to authenticate with the destination cluster, providing a level of security when writing to the destination volume. As part of the backup or restore process, you need to generate a bulk volume write key from the destination volume before starting the operation.</context>
    <steps id="GUID-C123E3B0-2313-45B5-903D-6442FFA85ADA">
      <step id="STEP_A0FB61C6177646AB9010957326B84C50">
        <cmd>On the destination cluster, <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_163A9D5823C741098B59FED80A5050AF">
        <cmd>Click the Actions icon for the destination volume.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_EAA8D49B7AF2443E8AFDCD9218F7DFC2">
        <cmd>In the resulting menu, click <uicontrol>Restore from</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_740EB5CED6DE4E468885916D9DFC42C3">
        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Integrated Restore</uicontrol> dialog box, under <uicontrol>Restore from</uicontrol>, select <uicontrol>SolidFire</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_753D1F77EBCE42FDA2AB1D5E499BEEFB">
        <cmd>Select an option under <uicontrol>Data Format</uicontrol>:</cmd>
        <info>
          <ul id="UL_A80733A5CD774463AB693378CA3E7C16">
            <li id="LI_208B84BA4A9643898601FD9C3BFAEF33">
              <uicontrol>Native</uicontrol>: A compressed format readable only by SolidFire storage systems.</li>
            <li id="LI_318A28837F224818B0F870F11B1A61D7">
              <uicontrol>Uncompressed</uicontrol>: An uncompressed format compatible with other systems.</li>
          </ul>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_8AE71401B3344B7584499E3D7CA3FADA">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Generate Key</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_7AA3A70CD9C9499D86DEE02B88D5A4C5">
        <cmd>Copy the key from the <uicontrol>Bulk Volume Write Key</uicontrol> box to your clipboard.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_312E644C1D4A49AFB8D83D4FF38FB318">
        <cmd>On the source cluster, go to <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_04C07C1F20264C6EB402BBDC746CE903">
        <cmd>Click the Actions icon for the volume to back up.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_69B02652426748EF85070A1FF88CDEF3">
        <cmd>In the resulting menu, click <uicontrol>Backup to</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_1859B26ABC6C4499B35BD9081779311D">
        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Integrated Backup</uicontrol> dialog box under <uicontrol>Backup to</uicontrol>, select <uicontrol>SolidFire</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_FEE41F1EE8E443A699030AB21E61D7CA">
        <cmd>Select the same option you selected earlier in the <uicontrol>Data Format</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_4A223F05C0C5441CB7CCA778DE271037">
        <cmd>Enter the management virtual IP address of the destination volume's cluster in the <uicontrol>Remote Cluster MVIP</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_F9AC49354E984DA2A2EF286659B61C3E">
        <cmd>Enter the remote cluster user name in the <uicontrol>Remote Cluster Username</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_8BEC2FCFAB104DAD87ACD23579752D14">
        <cmd>Enter the remote cluster password in the <uicontrol>Remote Cluster Password</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_C63D586A7D2646649E963DADB96EE105">
        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Bulk Volume Write Key</uicontrol> field, paste the key you generated on the destination cluster earlier.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_1F536CB76FC140EDB5837EBC686A864B">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Start Read</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>