<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-7F887998-FDED-494A-8DF4-207562B98E90" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-B8FF3055-65B6-4937-B838-C78D309BD3C3">Perform a failover from an <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> cluster</title>
  <shortdesc>You can perform a failover from the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> cluster to make the destination volume read/write and accessible to hosts on the destination side. Before you perform a failover from the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> cluster, you must break the SnapMirror relationship.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>disaster recovery<indexterm>performing a failover</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>SnapMirror<indexterm>performing a failover</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="GUID-82ADD957-C9AC-4F40-A79E-8269B9B3421D">
      <ul id="UL_9D379487D93C4781AE912CF714A04453">
        <li id="LI_CFCCEEF084894F1986BB8D25BCE91DEA">A SnapMirror relationship exists and has at least one valid snapshot on the destination volume.</li>
        <li id="LI_440D4574D40E4DDC83C5F3B34EB245F7">You have a need to failover to the destination volume due to unplanned outage or planned event at the primary site.</li>
      </ul>
    </prereq>
    <context id="GUID-947C386F-AB7E-4E6E-9B92-BA333AB781F5">
      <p>Use the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph> Element UI to perform the failover. If the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph>  UI is not available, you can also use <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ONC-SYSMGR">ONTAP System Manager</ph> or ONTAP CLI to issue the break relationship command.</p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-57DDCBDA-FBE6-469A-ADAF-1AF7935B276A">
      <step id="STEP_AC4E75BCCC7149CF82D6D4D252217DB3">
        <cmd>In the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI, click <menucascade><uicontrol>Data Protection</uicontrol><uicontrol>SnapMirror Relationships</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_8EEACD450B234F2998A4D1165C935468">
        <cmd>Find the relationship with the source volume that you want to failover.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_54F00CF3353A425FBEE8553CFD289597">
        <cmd>Click the Actions icon of this relationship.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_F05CBC2670B2476C821FF5899C0DCA6B">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Break</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_E51304B34D064C0089B37AE36D8342A4">
        <cmd>Confirm the action.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p>The volume on the destination cluster now has read-write access and can be mounted to the application hosts to resume production workloads. All SnapMirror replication is halted as a result of this action. The relationship shows a state of broken-off.</p>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>