<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-8C83BA7B-721F-47F4-BBB3-F169464BD20C" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-11DF4F9D-917C-4CC0-9F64-A256F02A2A17">Cloning multiple volumes from a group snapshot </title>
  <shortdesc> You can clone a group of volumes from a point-in-time group snapshot. This operation requires that a group snapshot of the  volumes already exist, because the group snapshot is used as the  basis to create the volumes. After you create the volumes, you can use them like any other volume in the system.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>multiple volumes<indexterm>cloning from a group snapshot </indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="GUID-D38D6229-2924-43CB-8BFE-422C551B67B5">Volume size and current cluster load affect the time needed to complete a cloning operation.</context>
    <steps id="GUID-6904322D-907F-4552-A757-5518D9DED6D2">
      <step id="STEP_0271E60F6B484EFABFCCE72CD9A15198">
        <cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Data Protection</uicontrol><uicontrol>Group Snapshots</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_976E7CD1BE774A84A26AB70D7391A187">
        <cmd>Click the Actions icon for the group snapshot you want to use for the volume clones.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_88B5510ACCD4488BB2DDE42FDECB4EDC">
        <cmd>In the resulting menu, select <uicontrol>Clone Volumes From Group Snapshot</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_128FD84F9FB342C386EFA8E3959C206B">
        <cmd>Enter a <uicontrol>New Volume Name Prefix</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Clone Volumes From Group Snapshot</uicontrol> dialog box.</cmd>
        <info>The prefix is applied to all volumes created from the group snapshot.</info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_1200F14C8F3043F8BFD7F60F1EEC2A6C" importance="optional">
        <cmd>Select a different account to which the clone will belong.</cmd>
        <info>If you do not select an account, the system assigns the new volumes to the current volume account.</info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_42063D306B73457A9E41C2DC2C0F51F6" importance="optional">
        <cmd> Select a different access method for the volumes in the clone.</cmd>
        <info>If you do not select an access method, the system uses the current volume access.</info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_4E3E740D27604C51965152E323D1F873">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Start Cloning</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>