<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-A0C44BBB-FB2E-4011-8096-FDC73C02EC5C" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-5E022C2A-2D04-4FC4-B9E2-A959D997F7C7">Individual virtual volume details</title>
  <shortdesc>The <wintitle>Virtual Volumes</wintitle> page on the <wintitle>VVols</wintitle> tab provides the following virtual volume information when you select an individual virtual volume and view its details.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>virtual volumes<indexterm>viewing individual VVol performance activity</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="GUID-D398EDB1-6B3B-41A0-B7F5-449D9C7F2CE4">
      <dl>
        <dlentry id="GUID-AB694EC1-B3C3-4ABA-8190-3A0303F282D9">
          <dt>VMW_XXX</dt>
          <dd>Information in fields prefaced with "VMW_" are defined by VMware. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-6E4C29EC-283B-4F45-9DB2-B6D93FAFCCB5">
          <dt>Parent Virtual Volume ID</dt>
          <dd>The virtual volume ID of the parent virtual volume. If the ID is all zeros, the virtual volume is independent with no link to a parent.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-A7ECC873-5CE5-47C9-999B-CADEBF041352">
          <dt>Virtual Volume ID</dt>
          <dd>The UUID of the virtual volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-CB8B5730-2C0E-48BF-AC0A-7B7E411BFB32">
          <dt>Virtual Volume Type</dt>
          <dd>The virtual volume type: Config, Data, Memory, Swap, or Other.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-7AC8EE40-6EB3-489C-8E4D-58559ABA68BB">
          <dt>Volume ID</dt>
          <dd> The ID of the underlying volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-DFDFCE8D-C76B-4968-ADCB-FECA94AEC15D">
          <dt>Access</dt>
          <dd>The read-write permissions assigned to the virtual volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-9BA93AE3-2488-4F1F-A5A4-6D07FAC042C1">
          <dt>Account Name</dt>
          <dd>Name of the account containing the volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-8302658F-C05A-4605-BDCE-7A94D38F8EB6">
          <dt>Access Groups</dt>
          <dd>Associated volume access groups.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-F849B359-2FFB-44CB-A595-CC9D2ADB85AB">
          <dt>Total Volume Size</dt>
          <dd>Total provisioned capacity in bytes.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-4DA5FD1F-7337-49FD-BB62-A05371C4740C">
          <dt>Non-Zero Blocks</dt>
          <dd>Total number of 4KiB blocks with data after the last garbage collection operation has completed.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-51CB7C07-2640-468B-A3DB-9E2610808DF5">
          <dt>Zero Blocks</dt>
          <dd>Total number of 4KiB blocks without data after the last round of garbage collection operation has completed.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-6E33959C-FB63-4663-983B-199E0119C3F3">
          <dt>Snapshots</dt>
          <dd>The number of associated snapshots. Click the number to link to snapshot details.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-3B936A35-4E2F-4F2E-B100-E061DE6A30F4">
          <dt>Min IOPS</dt>
          <dd>The minimum IOPS QoS setting of the virtual volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-AC14C2D7-7EBA-4527-B89D-BBEBA8027C0D">
          <dt>Max IOPS</dt>
          <dd>The maximum IOPS QoS setting of the virtual volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-464D2AD8-E2DE-483B-A14F-448594C316F6">
          <dt>Burst IOPS</dt>
          <dd>The maximum burst QoS setting of the virtual volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-49C32466-9F2E-4359-BD26-89FA620F5507">
          <dt>Enable 512</dt>
          <dd>Because virtual volumes always use 512-byte block size emulation, the value is always <option>yes</option>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-502A4E0A-CD5C-4249-93FE-AFD50AD46980">
          <dt>Volumes Paired</dt>
          <dd>Indicates if a volume is paired.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-BF52C1B1-6D6B-4C81-91C7-2A8364FDA3DB">
          <dt>Create Time</dt>
          <dd>The time the virtual volume creation task was completed.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-F65DC1BB-F38D-489B-BEC4-4EE4A810C562">
          <dt>Blocks Size</dt>
          <dd>Size of the blocks on the volume.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-16EBBE22-F702-4308-96A9-C6248F4E20DA">
          <dt>Unaligned Writes</dt>
          <dd>For 512e volumes, the number of write operations that were not on a 4k sector boundary. High numbers of unaligned writes might indicate improper partition alignment.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-E017B8F4-DAA0-41EF-9D56-94C97E8BF102">
          <dt>Unaligned Reads</dt>
          <dd>For 512e volumes, the number of read operations that were not on a 4k sector boundary. High numbers of unaligned reads might indicate improper partition alignment.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-07FCB5E7-2D55-4168-9950-04A811ED75DC">
          <dt>scsiEUIDeviceID</dt>
          <dd>Globally unique SCSI device identifier for the volume in EUI-64 based 16-byte format.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-F4CC9A54-608D-41C8-85D2-D26D94D798BA">
          <dt>scsiNAADeviceID</dt>
          <dd>Globally unique SCSI device identifier for the volume in NAA IEEE Registered Extended format.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry id="GUID-63267B45-D21F-49E2-A431-D4117727C5BC">
          <dt>Attributes</dt>
          <dd>List of name-value pairs in JSON object format.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>