<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-A15B6B32-02B6-4BC3-9732-56BED19A82A9" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-1AB00E13-5AFE-4E5A-B0E4-C35DFF674DE7">Manage LDAP</title>
  <shortdesc>You can set up the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) to enable
        secure, directory-based login functionality to SolidFire storage. You can configure LDAP at
        the cluster level and authorize LDAP users and groups.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>LDAP<indexterm>configuring at the cluster level</indexterm><indexterm>managing</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>LDAP<indexterm>authorizing users and groups</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Managing LDAP involves setting up LDAP authentication to a SolidFire cluster using an
            existing Microsoft Active Directory environment and testing the configuration. </p>
    <note id="GUID-0374AD5B-31F9-4700-A414-3435607697B5">You can use both IPv4 and IPv6
                        addresses.</note>
    <p>Enabling LDAP involves the following high-level steps, each described in detail: </p>
    <ol id="GUID-AB709AAD-258B-4A56-94A7-2782D95B9BB1">
      <li>
        <b>Verify inputs</b>. Validate that you have all of the
                                details required to configure LDAP authentication. </li>
      <li>
        <b>Enable LDAP authentication</b>. Use either the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI or the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> API. </li>
      <li>
        <b>Validate the LDAP configuration</b>. Optionally, check
                                that the cluster is configured with the correct values by running
                                the <cmdname>GetLdapConfiguration</cmdname> API method
                                or by checking the LCAP configuration using the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI. </li>
      <li>
        <b>Test the LDAP authentication</b> (with the
                                        <codeph>readonly</codeph> user). Test that the LDAP
                                configuration is correct either by running the <cmdname>TestLdapAuthentication</cmdname> API method or by using the
                                        <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI. For this initial
                                test, use the username “sAMAccountName” of the
                                        <codeph>readonly</codeph> user. This will validate that your
                                cluster is configured correctly for LDAP authentication and also
                                validate that the <codeph>readonly</codeph> credentials and access
                                are correct. If this step fails, repeat steps 1 through 3.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Test the LDAP authentication</b> (with a user account
                                that you want to add). Repeat setp 4 with a user account that you
                                want to add as an <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> cluster
                                admin. Copy the <codeph>distinguished</codeph> name (DN) or the user
                                (or the group). This DN will be used in step 6. </li>
      <li>
        <b>Add the LDAP cluster admin</b> (copy and paste the DN
                                from the Test LDAP authentication step). Using either the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI or the <cmdname>AddLdapClusterAdmin</cmdname> API method,
                                create a new cluster admin user with the appropriate access level.
                                For the username, paste in the full DN you copied in Step 5. This
                                assures that the DN is formatted correctly.</li>
      <li>
        <b>Test the cluster admin access</b>. Log in to the cluster
                                using the newly created LDAP cluster admin user. If you added an
                                LDAP group, you can log in as any user in that group. </li>
    </ol>
  </conbody>
</concept>