<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-A27F4C6D-97E4-4BA5-8C3B-3A81EC3468A7" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-C9A8488D-144E-4708-99BF-49B26EE61C2A">Protocol endpoints</title>
  <shortdesc>Protocol endpoints are  access points  used by a host to address storage on a cluster running <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-ELEMENT-SOFTWARE">NetApp Element software</ph>. Protocol endpoints cannot be deleted or modified by a user, are not associated with an account, and cannot be added to a volume access group.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>protocol endpoint</keyword>
        <indexterm>virtual volumes<indexterm>about storage containers</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>A cluster running <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software automatically creates one protocol endpoint per storage node in the cluster. For example, a  six-node storage cluster has six protocol endpoints that are mapped to each ESXi host. Protocol endpoints are dynamically managed by <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software and are created, moved, or removed as needed without any intervention. Protocol endpoints are the target for multi-pathing and act as an I/O proxy for subsidiary LUNs. Each protocol endpoint consumes an available SCSI address, just like a standard iSCSI target. Protocol endpoints appear as a single-block (512-byte) storage device in the vSphere client, but this storage device is not available to be formatted or used as storage.</p>
    <p>iSCSI is the only supported protocol. Fibre Channel protocol is not supported.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>