<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-AA655067-C533-429F-8D3C-41178754E1B5" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-893EB58F-274A-43A9-ACE0-95BFBE29D8E4">Cloning multiple volumes</title>
  <shortdesc>You can create multiple volume clones in a single operation to create a point-in-time copy of the data on a group of volumes.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>multiple volumes<indexterm>cloning</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="GUID-4DCF30DC-3B44-41E0-BAB6-41A5DA37F51B">
      <p>When you clone a volume, the system creates a snapshot of the volume and then creates a new volume from the data in the snapshot. You can mount and write to the new volume clone. Cloning multiple volumes is an asynchronous process and takes a variable amount of time depending on the size and number of the volumes being cloned.</p>
      <p>Volume size and current cluster load affect the time needed to complete a cloning operation.</p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-F3ECBC22-B812-4D63-9B2C-91A790A6761D">
      <step id="STEP_35E49ABDCAB74F26A4FD201A1D57E9A9">
        <cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_D2F502FDCE584583A7299BD1B5FF0DB8">
        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Active</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_D2B385111478406DBF1DF9B72BC2C7BC">
        <cmd>Use the check boxes to select multiple volumes, creating a group of volumes.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_A65F62652F6041ACB02D98126F0100C8">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Bulk Actions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_071B4C2DAE254BDA8210D3A1FD75B119">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Clone</uicontrol> in the resulting menu.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_8DB5C6CE78024F4583105711FEA670CA">
        <cmd>Enter a <uicontrol>New Volume Name Prefix</uicontrol> in the <uicontrol>Clone Multiple Volumes</uicontrol> dialog box.</cmd>
        <info>The prefix is applied to all volumes in the group.</info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_013382CC4D2646CF8D4A3F465FCEE3BE" importance="optional">
        <cmd> Select a different account to which the clone will belong.</cmd>
        <info>If you do not select an account, the system assigns the new volumes to the current volume account.</info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_06943CEFF8EE449BA27502FAF8FBFE9A" importance="optional">
        <cmd>Select a different access method for the volumes in the clone.</cmd>
        <info>If you do not select an access method, the system uses the current volume access.</info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_FD103ABC5A814C8E92AAAA70C18DF69B">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Start Cloning</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>