<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-B5DD1692-90DF-4AF1-9697-6815599220DA" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-A6413AFF-6FD2-4FF9-B32B-212BFF5F5D22">View volume performance</title>
  <shortdesc>You can view detailed performance information for all volumes in the cluster. You can sort the information by volume ID or by any of the performance columns. You can also use filter the information by certain criteria.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>alerts<indexterm>viewing</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="CONTEXT_0998FBC10A32485DB58EEE90C6411691">
      <p>You can change how often the system refreshes performance information on the page by clicking the <uicontrol>Refresh every</uicontrol> list, and choosing a different value. The default refresh interval is 10 seconds if the cluster has less than 1000 volumes; otherwise, the default is 60 seconds. If you choose a value of Never, automatic page refreshing is disabled.</p>
      <p> You can reenable automatic refreshing by clicking <uicontrol>Turn on auto-refresh</uicontrol>.</p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-256E48BE-C300-4EED-BA13-68016D1092DD">
      <step id="STEP_5138FCD257F74FD9BA03B03A7F8C4E0F">
        <cmd>In the Element  UI, select <menucascade><uicontrol>Reporting</uicontrol><uicontrol>Volume Performance</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_EF9B9A2736D3491F945B2383B9DC9ECE">
        <cmd>In the volume list, click the Actions icon for a volume.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_F1DC74C52B2D407F8FD94B6FA5CF6E8F">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>View Details</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <stepresult>A tray is displayed at the bottom of the page containing general information about the volume.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_409F87FC18A34D11A6BB4C89B5E06276">
        <cmd>To  see more detailed information about the volume, click <uicontrol>See More Details</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <stepresult>The system displays detailed information as well as performance graphs for the volume.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>