<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-B8C17A1D-3D32-4158-9064-E40889745CAC" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-352BFADA-59CB-49D8-9FF8-EEF6E4358B47"> Enable SnapMirror on the cluster</title>
  <shortdesc>You must manually enable SnapMirror functionality at the cluster level through the  <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph><ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI. The system comes with SnapMirror functionality disabled by default, and it is not automatically enabled as part of a new installation or upgrade. Enabling the SnapMirror feature is a one-time configuration task.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>snapmirror</keyword>
        <indexterm>SnapMirror<indexterm>enabling on the cluster</indexterm><indexterm>manually enabling</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="GUID-2906C757-7607-4CE8-B392-82C6B3B239F7">The storage cluster must be running <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-ELEMENT-SOFTWARE">NetApp Element software</ph>.</prereq>
    <context id="CONTEXT_BF4654B77DE54571852661F3D7BE7813">
      <p>SnapMirror can only be enabled for clusters running <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software used in conjunction with volumes on a <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph> ONTAP system. You should enable SnapMirror functionality only if your cluster is connected for use with <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-IBM">NetApp</ph> ONTAP volumes.</p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-9D3D2E6A-7405-48B2-8F2F-4FCDCF6A18B0">
      <step id="STEP_8F33142631BC4CCBBFE9026354A4E226">
        <cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Clusters</uicontrol><uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_EE4F6C5D8C834301B93221246AD2413F">
        <cmd>Find the cluster-specific settings for SnapMirror.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_151D3CBF30BA41E68FE6B072E51D3D9B">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Enable SnapMirror</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note id="GUID-29FC9576-CD7C-450F-A96E-413C70387E14">Enabling SnapMirror functionality permanently changes the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software configuration. You can disable the SnapMirror feature and restore the default settings only by returning the cluster to the factory image.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_9CC82F55D0F34F4FB338B1C786CBCE5B">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> to confirm the SnapMirror configuration change.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>