<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-C1569B1B-4448-4EE3-876D-866C504AF75F" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-73621F27-FF28-4F50-BEE6-A464553EB754">Work with virtual volumes</title>
  <shortdesc>You can view information and perform tasks for virtual volumes and their associated storage containers, protocol endpoints, bindings, and hosts using the Element UI.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>virtual volume</keyword>
        <indexterm>virtual volumes<indexterm>configuring VVols</indexterm><indexterm>using the UI to manage</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>The <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/NTAP-ELEMENT-SOFTWARE">NetApp Element software</ph> storage system ships with the Virtual Volumes (VVols) feature disabled. You must perform a one-time task of manually enabling vSphere VVol functionality through the Element UI.</p>
    <p>After you enable the VVol functionality, a VVols tab appears in the user interface that offers VVols-related monitoring and limited management options. Additionally, a storage-side software component known as the VASA Provider acts as a storage awareness service for vSphere. Most VVols commands, such as VVol creation, cloning, and editing, are initiated by a vCenter Server or ESXi host and translated by the VASA Provider to Element APIs for the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software storage system. Commands to create, delete, and manage storage containers and delete virtual volumes can be initiated using the Element UI.</p>
    <p>The majority of configurations necessary for using Virtual Volumes functionality with <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software storage systems are made in vSphere. See the <cite>VMware vSphere Virtual Volumes for SolidFire Storage Configuration Guide</cite> to register the VASA Provider in vCenter, create and manage VVol datastores, and manage storage based on policies.</p>
    <note id="GUID-2D52259B-7D97-44F6-B30D-1CADDCEE8BAD">
      <ph conref="218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3_.dita#GUID-218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3/NETAPP_SF_VASA_PATCH" />
      <ph conref="218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3_.dita#GUID-218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3/NETAPP_SF_VASA_CERT" />
    </note>
  </conbody>
  <related-links />
</concept>