<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-C4F63296-8428-4034-B091-19AC15A02C80" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-71C5100F-13F1-4A5F-B250-0352ADCFD90F">Configure Network Time Protocol servers for
                the cluster to query</title>
  <shortdesc> You can instruct each node in a cluster to query a Network Time Protocol
                (NTP) server for updates. The cluster contacts only configured servers and requests
                NTP information from them.  </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>broadcast client<indexterm>enabling</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>network time protocol</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="GUID-9B45E0F8-58CF-4A1B-BE0B-E6BE40CC4259">
      <p>You must have cluster administrator privileges to configure
                                this setting.</p>
    </prereq>
    <context id="CONTEXT_9595DEEA9F344D1C9EE2B22464EB3B20">
      <p>Configure NTP on the cluster to point to a local NTP server. You can use
                                the IP address or the FQDN host name. The default NTP server at
                                cluster creation time is set to us.pool.ntp.org; however, a
                                connection to this site cannot always be made depending on the
                                physical location of the SolidFire cluster.</p>
      <p>Using the FQDN depends on whether the individual storage node’s DNS
                                settings are in place and operational. To do so, configure the DNS
                                servers on every storage node and ensure that the ports are open by
                                reviewing the Network Port Requirements page. </p>
      <p>You can enter up to five different NTP
servers.
</p>
      <note id="GUID-EC24C0BE-41E4-4098-B0AD-7946E5F95B63">You can use both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses.
</note>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-EE9EF1CF-6407-4214-8FE9-655258BD4FAC">
      <step>
        <cmd>Configure a list of IPs and/or FQDNs in the server settings.
                                </cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Ensure that the DNS is set properly on the nodes. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_FE160DD072084531BABB1C8B1B1E5CE7">
        <cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol><uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_B745A38EB73242BAA08F56C61D8E1C3D">
        <cmd>Under Network Time Protocol Settings, select
                                                <uicontrol>No</uicontrol>, which uses the standard
                                        NTP configuration. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_82F4AC3A8089472B9D5249E4302F068B">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save Changes</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>