<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-C672A229-677C-4CA3-B25E-B3FDB37045CB" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-BAF83E2C-AEF2-4BEE-A4F8-0BF6CEC2D50F">Creating a snapshot schedule</title>
  <shortdesc>You can schedule a snapshot of a volume or volumes to automatically occur at specified intervals.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>snapshot schedules<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="GUID-5FFD8FDA-294B-4796-908B-58C710CF83ED">
      <p>When you configure a snapshot schedule, you can choose from time intervals based on days of the week or days of the month. You can also create a recurring schedule and specify the days, hours, and minutes before the next snapshot occurs.</p>
      <p> If you schedule a snapshot to run at a time period that is not divisible by 5 minutes, the snapshot will run at the next time period that is divisible by 5 minutes. For example, if you schedule a snapshot to run at 12:42:00 UTC, it will run at 12:45:00 UTC. You cannot schedule a snapshot to run at intervals of less than 5 minutes.</p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-57FBCFF1-1A5D-4C00-9764-0D42BCBF7EBD">
      <step id="STEP_3691E82BC0864E6899FB7F1F48A793FA">
        <cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Data Protection</uicontrol><uicontrol>Schedules</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_D00F06493CA34D7CB66C0831108C0848">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create Schedule</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_96FEEEE50A824AA08585CD14EF6387AE">
        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Volume IDs CSV</uicontrol> field, enter a single volume ID or a comma-separated list of volume IDs to include in the snapshot operation.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_560B614547D848FFB4A5A1FAA770C0E0">
        <cmd>Enter a  new schedule name.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_D1CE8DF2228D4784B61F57F60FCBB9DB">
        <cmd>Select a schedule type and set the schedule from the options provided.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_935A2DCDCDFA4A1894213F74FF72ABB1" importance="optional">
        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Recurring Schedule</uicontrol> to repeat the snapshot schedule indefinitely.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_E6853AC0E7434CAC99A5491E6CA12742" importance="optional">
        <cmd> Enter a name for the new snapshot in the <uicontrol>New Snapshot Name</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
        <info>If you leave the field blank, the system uses the time and date of the snapshot's creation as the name.</info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_82B3C80FB0F04A419795D77823D03113" importance="optional">
        <cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Include Snapshots in Replication  When Paired</uicontrol> check box to ensure that the snapshots  are captured in replication when the parent volume is paired.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_CFCCC55EFE9840D4905C5D7191B12FDB">
        <cmd>To set the retention for the snapshot, select from the following options:</cmd>
        <choices id="CHOICES_E709B68283A6455FA2BA7007D91EB4CB">
          <choice id="CHOICE_FFDBAB3E9AF743C0AF634A3504C30AE5">Click <uicontrol>Keep Forever</uicontrol> to retain the snapshot on the system indefinitely.</choice>
          <choice id="CHOICE_02FACD5CFA904984A9F1C5E1DF9E03B3">Click <uicontrol>Set Retention Period</uicontrol> and use the date spin boxes to choose a length of time for the system to retain the snapshot.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_FD6E02A4209441108B01A5B26E439B91">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create Schedule</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>