<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-CEA97094-339D-40DC-9437-3429EEE66376" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-545A2E75-9278-4607-AC24-263A3D93A083">Add multiple initiators to a volume access
                        group</title>
  <shortdesc>You can add multiple initiators to an existing volume access group to allow access to volumes in the volume access group with or without requiring CHAP authentication..</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>initiators<indexterm>adding to a volume access group</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>access groups<indexterm>adding multiple initiators</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="CONTEXT_70168CA1C0B047DD9EC0146210FA52EB">
      <p>When you add initiators to a volume access group, the initiators have access to all volumes in that volume access group.<note type="tip" id="GUID-AF3A8E4E-A938-4EA2-9F6B-DE70EF4D5678">You can find the initiator for each volume by clicking the Actions icon and then <uicontrol>View Details</uicontrol>  for the volume in the active volumes list.</note></p>
      <p>You can add multiple initiators to an existing volume access group to enable access to volumes and assign unique CHAP credentials for each initiator within that volume access group. This enables you to apply this option for volume access groups that already exist. </p>
      <p>You can assign initator-based CHAP attributes by using an API call. To add a CHAP account name and credentials per initiator, you must use the <cmdname>ModifyInitiator</cmdname> API call to remove and add CHAP access and attributes. For details, see the API reference information. </p>
      <p>
        <xref keyref="sfe-api" />
      </p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-893BC9E7-4C90-4F19-B493-68994551794E">
      <step id="STEP_58CC1EA211ED4E4ABC1287B880FB70E6">
        <cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Initiators</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_94A80E7349A74D6AA58F04900486FA35">
        <cmd>Select the initiators you want to add to an access group.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_A53250DEA6C0472DACFAB3069EBA44D2">
        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Bulk Actions</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_E766CA9F2D264CDB93FB491ACD1C8518">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add to Volume Access Group</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_1D24CB5FC2924DD2B04C3D7A1D40E3EA">
        <cmd>In the Add to Volume Access Group dialog box, select an access group from the <uicontrol>Volume Access Group</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_B63A53B8B7FD435ABCF219527F4D9A5F">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>