<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-D1FC9552-82D3-4A8F-93DE-E69C5F75BFE5" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-5E022C2A-2D04-4FC4-B9E2-A959D997F7C7">Cluster settings details from the per-node UI</title>
  <shortdesc>You can verify cluster settings for a storage node after cluster configuration and modify the node hostname.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>nodes</keyword>
        <keyword>changing cluster settings</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="GUID-D398EDB1-6B3B-41A0-B7F5-449D9C7F2CE4">The following list describes the cluster settings for a storage node indicated from the <uicontrol>Cluster Settings</uicontrol> page of the per-node UI (<filepath>https://&lt;node IP&gt;:442/hcc/node/cluster-settings</filepath>).<note id="GUID-153BA996-692A-4A05-B553-710EB5237DF4">If you are running a SolidFire Enterprise SDS cluster, most networking settings in the per-node UI cannot be modified after node deployment.</note><dl><dlentry id="GUID-A98362FA-8C9E-4F5B-B9B6-8DB16E81B577"><dt>Role</dt><dd>Role the node has in the cluster. Possible values:<ul id="UL_2C09254A52DA44F2B0A8B80DD00B5B8D"><li id="LI_F4AB3E7F24C4488A84F3320E1F830871"><option>Storage</option>: Storage or Fibre Channel node.</li><li id="LI_3AE495379CF44B40881C3CB88DAA9231"><option>Management</option>: Node is a management node.</li></ul></dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-764B2B30-60F9-42B2-BA17-5001E7944947"><dt>Hostname</dt><dd>Name of the node.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-3F1C4E0A-0559-4C34-89D7-6451E4FD040A"><dt>Cluster</dt><dd>Name of the cluster.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-6186A223-083E-4CB9-A4AE-032F1D5B086B"><dt>Cluster Membership</dt><dd>State of the node. Possible values:<ul id="UL_D910DE2F78EA4B119B6472121224084B"><li id="LI_95D3E34A457D4C23B06EDA032F906EDE"><option>Available</option>: The node has no associated cluster name and is not yet part of a cluster.</li><li id="LI_AB10EF19306B4D468E56ABE30B164D56"><option>Pending</option>: The node is configured and can be added to a designated cluster. Authentication is not required to access the node.</li><li id="LI_8CBDF032458F4A6DACD30FD2B6114445"><option>PendingActive</option>: The system is in the process of installing compatible software on the node. When complete, the node will move to the Active state.</li><li id="LI_B332EA9FE8534DC59D062AD10750136B"><option>Active</option>: The node is participating in a cluster. Authentication is required to modify the node.</li></ul></dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-8D547DA7-41B2-43A0-91AF-E205A454BCCA"><dt>Version</dt><dd>Version of the Element software running on the node.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-797B3A7D-DA46-487D-AB8D-B28B43C6529F"><dt>Ensemble</dt><dd>Nodes that are part of the database ensemble.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-8F09E788-95F1-49B5-8DA4-44FD5F6C0E49"><dt>Node ID</dt><dd>ID assigned when a node is added to the cluster.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-5B5310E3-0BFD-4463-A999-5E927A296503"><dt>Cluster Interface</dt><dd>Network interface used for cluster communication.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-72391E47-5B00-4417-BC8B-A2A7F508041A"><dt>Management Interface</dt><dd>Management network interface. This defaults to Bond1G but can also use Bond10G.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-01BBFB31-EBB4-4DB0-B21D-1C810021D139"><dt>Storage Interface</dt><dd>Storage network interface using Bond10G.</dd></dlentry><dlentry id="GUID-C04B1F86-BCDB-48A2-9E54-1067E7E8525D"><dt>Encryption Capable</dt><dd>Indicates whether or not the node supports drive encryption.</dd></dlentry></dl></section>
  </refbody>
</reference>