<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-EBCB1031-1B2D-472C-92E3-E0CB52B4156C" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-BBC72521-1F0A-43F3-9B1C-625DD6D2C023">Work with volume access groups and
        initiators</title>
  <shortdesc>You can use iSCSI initiators or Fibre Channel initiators to access the volumes defined within volume access groups.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>access groups<indexterm>working with</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>volume access groups</indexterm>
        <indexterm>initiators<indexterm>working with</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>You can create access groups by mapping iSCSI initiator IQNs or Fibre Channel WWPNs in a collection of volumes. Each IQN that you add to an access group can access each volume in the group without requiring CHAP authentication. </p>
    <p>There are two types of CHAP authentication methods: <ul id="GUID-295B2A82-A16B-4F8F-A756-11CE23C9B013"><li>Account-level CHAP authentication: You can assign CHAP authentication for the account. </li><li>Initiator-level CHAP authentication: You can assign unique CHAP target and secrets for specific initiators without being bound to single CHAP across a single account. This CHAP level authentication supersedes account level credentials. </li></ul></p>
    <p>Optionally, with per-initiator CHAP, you can enforce initiator authorization and per-initiator CHAP authentication. These options can be defined on a per-initiator basis and an access group can contain a mix of initiators with different options. </p>
    <p>Each WWPN that you add to an access group enables Fibre Channel network access to the volumes in the access group.</p>
    <note conref="469EA388-6B36-4721-A7CD-E5BF52B69C66_.dita#GUID-469EA388-6B36-4721-A7CD-E5BF52B69C66/GUID-9CABE6E7-4004-48C9-8897-30CCE999E2BC" id="GUID-0BF6875F-EFEE-4867-9257-B3362C314E8A" />
  </conbody>
  <related-links />
</concept>