<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-EE404D52-B621-4DE5-B141-2559768FB1D0" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-955547E5-3F8B-4008-A1D0-2B9BF055F426">Enable and disable encryption for a
        cluster</title>
  <shortdesc>With SolidFire clusters, you can encrypt all data stored on the cluster. You
        can enable and disable cluster-wide encryption at rest. This feature is not enabled by
        default.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>encryption at rest<indexterm>disabling</indexterm><indexterm>enabling</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>encryption<indexterm>disabling encryption at rest</indexterm><indexterm>enabling encryption at rest</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="GUID-5EC8A409-41DB-4C83-9A9D-2776CD9CE1C5">
      <ul id="UL_0737D0A1FC3F4DA1BE1AE1BCB52C4063">
        <li id="LI_127BFC8940D5496F8625B7BA9F2420AE">You must have cluster administrator privileges to change encryption settings.</li>
        <li id="LI_3DDDE0899F0D486F9DB6B3382901A4E1">Ensure that the cluster is in a healthy state before changing encryption settings.</li>
      </ul>
    </prereq>
    <context id="GUID-7206BBEB-B49B-4322-87DE-ABD3B5A89E8A">
      <p>All drives in storage nodes capable of encryption leverage AES 256-bit
                encryption at the drive level. Each drive has its own encryption key, which is
                created when the drive is first initialized. When you enable the encryption feature,
                a cluster-wide password is created, and chunks of the password are then distributed
                to all nodes in the cluster. No single node stores the entire password. The password
                is then used to password-protect all access to the drives. The password is needed to
                unlock the drive and then not needed unless power is removed from the drive or the
                drive is locked. </p>
      <p>Enabling the encryption at rest feature does not affect performance or
                efficiency on the cluster. Additionally, if an encryption-enabled drive or node is
                removed from the cluster with the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> API or <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI, encryption at rest will be disabled on
                the drives. After the drive is removed, the drive can be secure erased by using the
                    <apiname>SecureEraseDrives</apiname> API method. If a drive or node
                is forcibly removed from the cluster, the data remains protected by the cluster-wide
                password and the drive’s individual encryption keys.</p>
      <note conref="218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3_.dita#GUID-218E9824-8473-4145-BEAD-396882DE7ED3/GUID-053C6154-130F-49D5-AE3F-71494E83F3FD" id="GUID-23FF3E65-DA61-43A6-8F22-C616E8262048" />
      <p>Another type of encryption at rest, Software Encryption at Rest
                available in <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/SDS-LONG">SolidFire Enterprise SDS</ph> nodes, enables all
                data written to the SSDs in a storage cluster to be encrypted. This provides a
                primary layer of encryption in <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/SDS-LONG">SolidFire Enterprise SDS</ph>
                nodes that do not include Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs). </p>
      <p>
        <xref href="http://docs.netapp.com/sfe-122/topic/com.netapp.doc.sfe-sds-ig//GUID-F1BDD19F-AF33-4CDE-B67F-C5E17D4E6DE9.html" format="html" scope="external"> SolidFire Enterprise SDS
                    overview</xref>
      </p>
      <p>You can enable encryption at rest using the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> UI or API. </p>
      <p>To enable Software Encryption at Rest using the API, use the <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph><cmdname>EnableEncryptionAtRest</cmdname> API command. </p>
      <p>
        <xref format="html" href="https://docs.netapp.com/sfe-122/topic/com.netapp.doc.sfe-api/GUID-ED4ED1B8-DB44-4320-8F4E-A81010277586.html" scope="external"> EnableEncryptionAtRest API
                    method</xref>
      </p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-D483FAA3-67F4-409E-89DE-6854EA4424A9">
      <step id="STEP_D9F905ACE52E458BAEEB0B6838A63E7C">
        <cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Cluster </uicontrol><uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_E151F88725264BE28A5EE489EAB7E626">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Enable Encryption at Rest</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_18B0910D79B04B4587B79AB0ABA25537" importance="optional">
        <cmd importance="optional">To disable encryption at rest, click <uicontrol>Disable Encryption at Rest</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>