<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-18CC0C99-3C7D-4235-AB8C-62999B46692F" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-0BB523BC-865E-4E4D-B5A4-AAF6ED6131BE">Add Fibre Channel nodes to a cluster</title>
  <shortdesc>You can add  Fibre Channel nodes to a cluster when more storage is needed or during cluster creation. Fibre Channel nodes require initial configuration when they are first powered on. After the node is configured, it appears in the list of pending nodes and you can add it to a cluster. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>Fibre Channel nodes<indexterm>adding to a cluster</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="GUID-17A5693F-ECE9-44FF-BF75-D75842ED6D13">
      <p>The software version on each Fibre Channel node in a cluster must be compatible. When you add a Fibre Channel node to a cluster, the cluster installs the cluster version of <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> on the new node as needed.</p>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-EA375705-B485-4E87-B142-5A5424B46295">
      <step id="STEP_A3BCE6DB25694FB8BB0B8B2DF411B9C3">
        <cmd>Select <menucascade><uicontrol>Cluster</uicontrol><uicontrol>Nodes</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_10D9561B2B3F482495E3970046A783FA">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Pending</uicontrol> to view the list of pending nodes.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_F2D80BADAEC34BA68B6A20397BED9BF2">
        <cmd>Do one of the following:</cmd>
        <choices id="CHOICES_8E5B5057899F4CECB70E453B4BE9131A">
          <choice id="CHOICE_0C8D58B8B7AD4B369906CC6AF9B3F398">To add individual nodes, click  the <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> icon for the node you want to add.</choice>
          <choice id="CHOICE_77E636751640411DA65FAC7F954E064E">To add multiple nodes, select the check box of the nodes to add, and then <uicontrol>Bulk Actions</uicontrol>.</choice>
        </choices>
        <info>
          <note id="GUID-20EDA032-04D6-4822-B517-98B673CFE1E4">
            <p>If the node you are adding has a different version of <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> than the version running on the cluster, the cluster asynchronously updates the node to the version of <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> running on the cluster master. After the node is updated, it automatically adds itself to the cluster. During this asynchronous process, the node will be in a pendingActive state. </p>
          </note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_BA1128FD550242A2BB2481E222AF4E3D">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <info>The node appears in the list of active nodes.</info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>