<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-3769D893-F94A-4E73-918F-E963970E4E99" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-361C3322-17B4-4FE5-AA7F-C14779F3BDEC">Configuring the storage node using the per-node UI</title>
  <shortdesc>You can configure nodes using the per-node user interface.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>configuring node</keyword>
        <keyword>configuring node UI</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="GUID-3A384144-A37E-42A1-9E0F-06217DBEDA55">
      <ul id="UL_D13865A3F57B4272A1F92C462063588B">
        <li id="LI_2DD5E9A7C19F495B97F4F7DC3FE383A2">You can configure the node to have either an IPv4 or IPv6 address.</li>
        <li id="LI_AD8FF0370A5D4869BDB8FB673536CD76">You need the DHCP address displayed in the TUI to access a node. You cannot use DHCP addresses to add a node to a cluster. <p><note type="attention" id="GUID-40CFD276-7332-4CD2-A050-041E3B7586E3">You should configure the management (Bond1G) and storage (Bond10G) interfaces for separate subnets. Bond1G and Bond10G interfaces configured for the same subnet cause routing problems when storage traffic is sent via the Bond1G interface. If you must use the same subnet for management and storage traffic, manually configure management traffic to use the Bond10G interface. You can do this for each node using the <uicontrol>Cluster Settings</uicontrol> page of the per-node UI.</note></p></li>
      </ul>
    </context>
    <steps id="GUID-E37EEE7E-D6B8-45E4-B363-6B97CBEF44BB">
      <step id="STEP_211ABE20286740F3B7BF26BC19B843B1">
        <cmd>In a browser window, enter the DHCP IP address of a node.</cmd>
        <info> You must add the  extension <filepath>:442</filepath> to access the node; for example, <filepath>https://172.25.103.6:442</filepath>.</info>
        <stepresult>The <uicontrol>Network Settings</uicontrol> tab opens with the <uicontrol>Bond1G</uicontrol> section.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_8EFA233E34A84096B1B3E88D34701E8B">
        <cmd>Enter the 1G management network settings.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_9F8BAFAE652C4EF1B57B381152D8B096">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Apply Changes</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_91E7CD0E0C28478CA800536DA338454F">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Bond10G</uicontrol> to display the 10G storage network settings.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_E6C56A69DCD2443DA72C385B904E04F4">
        <cmd>Enter the 10G storage network settings.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_87DD409CA83348A4BD2730ED68E60694">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Apply Changes</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_AA6B86BB65F14F60AB95D28A3D84FE54">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Cluster Settings</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_1AACE14EF8E249C2A8EEE2AEF285C420">
        <cmd>Enter the hostname for the 10G network.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Enter the cluster name.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note type="important" id="GUID-B2F41998-4D98-4DC8-AF00-7CE32C9608BB">This name must be added to the configuration for all nodes before a cluster can be created. All the nodes in a cluster must have identical cluster names. Cluster names are case-sensitive.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_202E33D1E3E54AA998A3469F5554134E">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Apply Changes</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>