<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="GUID-5D0AE0DE-68BF-4CA7-A1E9-3C18175959A9" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-F8212830-96E1-4277-96B2-EE247A9037E2">Create a storage cluster</title>
  <shortdesc>You can create a storage cluster after you have configured all of the individual nodes. When you create a cluster, a cluster administrator user account is automatically created for you. The cluster administrator has permission to manage all cluster attributes and can create other cluster administrator accounts.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>clusters<indexterm>creating new</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="GUID-04FB50CC-ABE6-4F5E-A662-D5029FB48FF7">
      <p>
        <ul id="UL_2DD6535977644900949EB2303B081334">
          <li id="LI_3F5ACBB78D4A488BA985676E45AA5705">You have installed the management node.</li>
          <li id="LI_D284C10B678741B5ACFAE82F41313EE5">You have configured all of the individual nodes.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </prereq>
    <context id="GUID-DBE6DA0C-C7DB-45CE-9BC9-26C00F5910EF">During new node configuration, 1G or 10G Management IP (MIP) addresses are assigned to each node. You must use one of the node IP addresses created during configuration to open the <wintitle>Create a New Cluster</wintitle> page. The IP address you use depends on the network you have chosen for cluster management.<note id="GUID-16EB45EA-24E5-4F0D-9BBE-CCE009CF15C4">When creating a new cluster:<ul id="GUID-40C0B491-4CBB-44E7-834A-22D80594B720"><li>If you are using storage nodes that reside in a shared chassis, you might want to consider designing for chassis-level failure protection using the protection domains feature.</li><li>If a shared chassis in not in use, you can define a custom protection domain layout.</li></ul></note></context>
    <steps id="GUID-A0FB0D14-5B22-4564-B28E-A173B582F7EE">
      <step id="STEP_BA528EBD87044F28A24B022F93AB9F9A">
        <cmd>In a browser window, enter a node MIP address.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_6ED75B8BD9A247BF993CA493F87F956F">
        <cmd>In <wintitle>Create a New Cluster</wintitle>, enter the following information:</cmd>
        <info>
          <ul id="UL_D4C4644E22084F78B5D6173C09891920">
            <li id="LI_B2235A6310414837828095CC064A003F">Management VIP: Routable virtual IP on the 1GbE or 10GbE network for network management tasks.<note id="GUID-EFCFC715-F2A8-47B6-A7A8-499982D1D353">You can create a new cluster using IPv4 or IPv6 addressing.</note></li>
            <li id="LI_FEF563F75C9D425981CE4007E6432189">iSCSI (storage) VIP: Virtual IP on the 10GbE network for storage and iSCSI discovery.<note id="GUID-07CFF9D1-C001-46D3-A77A-63BB56709B4B">You cannot change the MVIP, SVIP, or cluster name after you create the cluster.</note></li>
            <li id="LI_4D4ACB2EE1DF409690C5B96EA581D6D7">User name: The primary cluster administrator user name for authenticated access to the cluster. You must save the user name for future reference.<note id="GUID-D86C630F-ABB1-473D-B79E-D85B56C4DDAD">You can use uppercase and lowercase letters, special characters, and numbers for the user name and password.</note></li>
            <li id="LI_F0AA89A50ECA468AB0036BB04E92FDB6">Password: Password for authenticated access to the cluster. You must save the password for future reference.</li>
          </ul>
        </info>
        <info>Two-way data protection is enabled by default. You cannot change this setting.</info>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_4827173E105C4249AEB0337DF6CFCB1C">
        <cmd>Read the End User License Agreement, and click <uicontrol>I Agree</uicontrol>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_C98CDC3C67284877B2545CB472BE9DE9" importance="optional">
        <cmd>In the Nodes list, ensure that the check boxes for nodes that should not be included in the cluster are not selected. </cmd>
      </step>
      <step id="STEP_28F1F32F9B6A404FB7B3FFE0D13A8724">
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create Cluster</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p>The system might take several minutes to create the cluster depending on the number of nodes in the cluster. On a properly configured network, a small cluster of five nodes should take less than one minute. After the cluster is created, the <wintitle>Create a New Cluster </wintitle> window is redirected to the MVIP URL address for the cluster and displays the Element UI.</p>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
  <related-links>
    <link keyref="sfe-api" />
  </related-links>
</task>