<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-69D1A48E-BB3E-4BBC-B032-552E7653073F" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-EB0657AB-7D93-420D-AE4E-F655B7CF174C"> Interfaces and tools for  <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/SDS-SHORT">SolidFire eSDS</ph> installation and use</title>
  <shortdesc>You can find information about the tools and interfaces you will interact with to install and use <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/SDS-SHORT">SolidFire eSDS</ph>. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>solidfire esds</keyword>
        <keyword>software-defined storage</keyword>
        <keyword>tools</keyword>
        <keyword>interfaces</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>Here is a list of tools and interfaces you use for installing, monitoring, and managing <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/SDS-SHORT">SolidFire eSDS</ph>:<simpletable frame="all" relcolwidth="1* 1* 1*"><sthead><stentry>Tool/interface</stentry><stentry>Who uses it</stentry><stentry>Description</stentry></sthead><strow><stentry>Ansible compliance check role</stentry><stentry>Customer</stentry><stentry>For verifying that the platform matches the reference configuration listed in the <xref href="https://mysupport.netapp.com/matrix/imt.jsp?components=97283;&amp;solution=1757&amp;isHWU&amp;src=IMT" format="html" scope="external">NetApp Interoperability Matrix Tool </xref>(IMT). This must be done before installing <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/SDS-SHORT">SolidFire eSDS</ph>.</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>Ansible install role</stentry><stentry>Customer</stentry><stentry>For installing <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/SDS-SHORT">SolidFire eSDS</ph>.</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>Management node</stentry><stentry>Customer</stentry><stentry>For log bundle collection and management services, such as AIQ.</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>NetApp Hybrid Cloud Control</stentry><stentry>Customer, NetApp Support</stentry><stentry> For cluster creation and per-node management, as well as log collection from the management node.</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Integrated Lights Out (iLO)</stentry><stentry>Customer, HPE Support</stentry><stentry>For collecting data about events and statuses for root cause analysis.</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>HPE OneView</stentry><stentry>Customer, HPE Support</stentry><stentry>For an aggregated view of iLO.</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>NetApp Element software UI</stentry><stentry>Customer</stentry><stentry>For managing <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/SDS-SHORT">SolidFire eSDS</ph> storage clusters.</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>Active IQ</stentry><stentry>Customer, NetApp Support</stentry><stentry>For cluster health status monitoring.</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>One Collect</stentry><stentry>NetApp Support</stentry><stentry>For supplemental log collection.</stentry></strow></simpletable></p>
  </conbody>
</concept>