<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-367C88D1-A57C-471F-AFF8-80ED30505CE1" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-5E022C2A-2D04-4FC4-B9E2-A959D997F7C7">initiator</title>
  <shortdesc>The <apiname>initiator</apiname> object contains information about an iSCSI or Fibre Channel initiator. An initiator object can contain IQN or WWPN identifiers. You can use the <apiname>ListInitiators</apiname> method to get a list of all initiators known on the system. You use initiator objects to configure SCSI initiator access to a set of volumes through volume access groups. An initiator can only be a member of one volume access group at a time. You can restrict initiator access to one or more VLANs by specifying one or more virtualNetworkIDs using the <apiname>CreateInitiators</apiname> and <apiname>ModifyInitiators</apiname> methods. If you don't specify any virtual networks, the initiator can access all networks.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>object</keyword>
        <keyword>objects</keyword>
        <keyword>initiator</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="GUID-D398EDB1-6B3B-41A0-B7F5-449D9C7F2CE4">
      <title id="GUID-1C0BF13D-6714-4D08-BC60-C944711057FF">Object members</title>
      <p>This object contains the following members:</p>
      <table id="TABLE_25FB63445EEE4A52A7C40168773EF621">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" />
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" />
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3" colwidth="*" />
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">Name</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">Type</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">alias</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The friendly name assigned to the initiator, if any.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">attributes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">A set of JSON attributes assigned to this initiator. Empty if no attributes are assigned.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">JSON object</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">chapUsername</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The unique CHAP username for this initiator.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">initiatorID</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The numeric identifier for the initiator.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">initiatorName</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The initiator name, in IQN or WWPN format.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">initiatorSecret</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The CHAP secret used to authenticate the initiator.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">requireChap</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">True if CHAP is required for this initiator.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">boolean</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">targetSecret</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The CHAP secret used to authenticate the target (when using mutual CHAP authentication).</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">virtualNetworkIDs</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The list of virtual network identifiers associated with this initiator. If one or more are defined, this initiator will only be able to login to the specified virtual networks. If no virtual networks are defined this initiator can login to all networks.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">volumeAccessGroups</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">A list of volume access group IDs that this initiator belongs to.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer array</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>