<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-3AD1993C-F735-49BD-9CA1-795611E4EB81" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-FF0CE38C-8F99-4F23-8A6F-F6EA4487E808">authSessionInfo</title>
  <shortdesc>The <apiname>authSessionInfo</apiname> object contains information about an auth session.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>objects</keyword>
        <keyword>object</keyword>
        <keyword>authSessionInfo</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="GUID-D398EDB1-6B3B-41A0-B7F5-449D9C7F2CE4">
      <title id="GUID-1C0BF13D-6714-4D08-BC60-C944711057FF">Object members</title>
      <p>This object contains the following members:</p>
      <table id="TABLE_25FB63445EEE4A52A7C40168773EF621">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" />
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.61*" />
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3" colwidth="1.01*" />
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">Name</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">Type</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">accessGroupList</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">List of access groups for the user.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string array</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">authMethod</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The type of authorization the cluster admin user has. Possible values:<ul id="UL_FBCDB57D81FB415A91C363897615FE1C"><li id="LI_A73B78B103804D06B3F5AB9E9EE3619B"><option>LDAP</option> - authenticated via LDAP.</li><li id="LI_ED810043068246F3A3E7934D077B1ECB"><option>Cluster </option> - authenticated via a username and password stored in the cluster database.</li><li id="LI_298ABD1AB9A6469AA6DAEC50244C46F6"><option>IdP</option> - authenticated via a third-party Identity Provider.</li></ul></entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">clusterAdminIDs</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">List of cluster AdminID(s) associated with this session. For sessions related to LDAP or a third-party Identity Provider (IdP), this will be an aggregate list of matching Cluster AdminIDs associated with this session.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer array</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>finalTimeout</entry>
              <entry>Time at which the session becomes invalid.This is set when the session is created and cannot be changed.</entry>
              <entry>string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>idpConfigVersion</entry>
              <entry>IdP configuration version when the session was created.</entry>
              <entry>integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>lastAccessTimeout</entry>
              <entry>Time at which the session becomes invalid due to inactivity.It is set to a new value when the session is accessed for use, up to the time where the session becomes invalid due to finalTimeout being reached.</entry>
              <entry>string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>sessionCreationTime</entry>
              <entry>Time at which the session is created.</entry>
              <entry>string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>sessionID</entry>
              <entry>UUID for this session.</entry>
              <entry>UUID</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">username</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Username associated with this session. For sessions related to LDAP, this will be the user’s LDAP DN. For sessions related to a third-party IdP, this will be an arbitrary name-value pair that will be used for auditing operations within the session. It will not necessarily match a cluster admin name on the cluster. For example, a SAML Subject NameID,but this will be dictated by the configuration of the IdP and the resultant content of the SAML assertion.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>