<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="GUID-50E8EE05-D429-42F2-AC49-2A018DEC3D9D" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-EA80FA59-1459-4A0A-85AF-4D108B0962FD">Request endpoints</title>
  <shortdesc> There are three types of request endpoints used in the  API (storage cluster, storage cluster creation, and per-node). You should always use the latest endpoint supported by your version of <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software.  </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>request</keyword>
        <keyword>endpoints</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <conbody>
    <p>The three  request endpoints in the API are designated in the following ways:</p>
    <section id="SECTION_BCBF834BCF0047DA91B9C0CC4C223B5E">
      <title id="GUID-464FBA0E-A1BC-4C37-9A91-5DA96E8C4B4C">Cluster API methods</title>
      <p>The HTTPS endpoint for storage-cluster-wide API requests is <codeph>https://&lt;mvip&gt;/json-rpc/&lt;api-version&gt;</codeph>, where:<ul id="UL_536BFE755A2B46BA8BD60D22E96BD726"><li id="LI_1D20C96DF97F444CA0DACEE307E3DEC7"><codeph>&lt;mvip&gt;</codeph> is the management virtual IP address for the storage cluster.</li><li id="LI_C119D9C71AB34A7AAB635BD260FE6136"><codeph>&lt;api-version&gt;</codeph> is the version of the API you are using.</li></ul></p>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_F12DCDAE576348C19DC2838AC2348680">
      <title id="GUID-BBAF5561-476A-441A-9A6A-85D6501E39E2">Cluster creation and bootstrap API methods</title>
      <p>The HTTPS endpoint for creating a storage cluster and accessing bootstrap API requests is <codeph>https://&lt;nodeIP&gt;/json-rpc/&lt;api-version&gt;</codeph>, where:<ul id="UL_050BA959C8664066945F41877CF93BAE"><li id="LI_0EF8FDF8D7494E229EA7019D37D6464C"><codeph>&lt;nodeIP&gt;</codeph> is the IP address of the node you are adding to the cluster.</li><li id="LI_6588944833554813BA79871110D219C6"><codeph>&lt;api-version&gt;</codeph> is the version of the API you are using. </li></ul></p>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_D0AF67520662440490A9F714686CBD23">
      <title id="GUID-4AF55E21-A142-4798-B24B-896E40D35C84">Per-node API methods</title>
      <p>The HTTPS endpoint for individual storage node API requests is <codeph>https://&lt;nodeIP&gt;:442/json-rpc/&lt;api-version&gt;</codeph>, where:<ul id="UL_3B594CC8074C45EA9489C69CF73FDF7F"><li id="LI_A6061B54016749FC9D70756A557EC065"><codeph>&lt;nodeIP&gt;</codeph> is the management IP address of the storage node; 442 is the port the HTTPS server is running on.</li><li id="LI_90A7BFA878C14662BF12CFB927AFE90D"><codeph>&lt;api-version&gt;</codeph> is the version of the API you are using. </li></ul></p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>