<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-7270F444-0FE6-4083-B744-AB9125845A00" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-5E022C2A-2D04-4FC4-B9E2-A959D997F7C7">keyServerKmip</title>
  <shortdesc>The <apiname>keyServerKmip</apiname> object describes a Key Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP) key server, which is a location for retrieving authentication keys for use with cluster features such as Encryption at Rest.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>KMIP</keyword>
        <keyword>key server</keyword>
        <keyword>keys</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="GUID-D398EDB1-6B3B-41A0-B7F5-449D9C7F2CE4">
      <title id="GUID-1C0BF13D-6714-4D08-BC60-C944711057FF">Object members</title>
      <p>This object contains the following members:</p>
      <table id="TABLE_25FB63445EEE4A52A7C40168773EF621">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="col1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.76*" />
          <colspec colname="col2" colnum="2" colwidth="2.65*" />
          <colspec colname="col3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*" />
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">Name</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">Type</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">keyProviderID</entry>
              <entry>If this KMIP key server is assigned to a provider, this member contains the ID of the KMIP key provider it is assigned to. Otherwise this member is null.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">keyServerID</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The ID of the KMIP key server. This is a unique value assigned by the cluster during key server creation. This value cannot be changed.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">kmipAssignedProviderIsActive</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">If this KMIP key server is assigned to a provider (keyProviderID is not null), this member indicates whether that provider is active (providing keys which are currently in use). Otherwise, this member is null.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">boolean</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">kmipCaCertificate</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The public key certificate of the external key server’s root CA. This is used to verify the certificate presented by the external key server in the TLS communication. For key server clusters where individual servers use different CAs, this member contains a concatenated string of the root certificates of all the CAs.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">kmipClientCertificate</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">A PEM format Base64 encoded PKCS#10 X.509 certificate used by the Element storage KMIP client.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">kmipKeyServerHostnames</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The hostnames or IP addresses associated with this KMIP key server.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string array</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">kmipKeyServerName</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The name of the KMIP key server. This name is only used for display purposes and does not need to be unique.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">kmipKeyServerPort</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The port number associated with this KMIP key server (typically 5696).</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>