<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-9B1D06D7-8FEE-4A52-B3C2-33F03D8540FB" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-EA82D1DF-CCBC-4C3B-AB89-ECC1707C992B">GetClusterFullThreshold</title>
  <shortdesc>You can use the <apiname>GetClusterFullThreshold</apiname> method to view the stages set for cluster fullness levels.  This method returns all fullness metrics for the cluster.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>cluster</keyword>
        <keyword>get</keyword>
        <keyword>getting</keyword>
        <keyword>full</keyword>
        <keyword>threshold</keyword>
        <keyword>level</keyword>
        <keyword>fullness</keyword>
        <keyword>storage</keyword>
        <keyword>capacity</keyword>
        <keyword>getclusterfullthreshold</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="SECTION_FA10B1638FE0462C81A530601FCF1B46">
      <note id="GUID-BC819887-6E9B-49D6-9FAF-B04EDDF10231">When a cluster reaches the Error stage of block cluster fullness, the maximum IOPS on all volumes are reduced linearly to the volume minimum IOPS as the cluster approaches the Critical stage. This helps prevent the cluster from reaching the Critical stage of block cluster fullness.</note>
    </section>
    <section id="GUID-BD7134AC-BA3D-4C73-A55E-E07E5AE863C5">
      <title id="GUID-4AD88036-4DA7-48C4-8C6B-7D48E4276322">Parameters</title>
      <p>This method has no input parameters.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_B951BC9C8818445FADECE482F7A3960D">
      <title id="GUID-F626A1E1-FE89-4149-A42A-97BA7B22E408">Return values</title>
      <p>This method has the following return values:</p>
      <table id="TABLE_97E205A64986432382CFB165D83E5F4C">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="col1" colnum="1" colwidth="2.79*" />
          <colspec colname="col2" colnum="2" colwidth="3.89*" />
          <colspec colname="col3" colnum="3" colwidth="1.00*" />
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">Name</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">Type</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">blockFullness</entry>
              <entry colname="col2" id="SECTION_E217CD242B1440B0A8386E0B50E69DDB">The current computed level of block fullness of the cluster.<ul conref="469EA388-6B36-4721-A7CD-E5BF52B69C66_.dita#GUID-469EA388-6B36-4721-A7CD-E5BF52B69C66/UL_63CD853B8F8A452B895040289D6CC955" id="UL_804C4647C50640E9B01A345A28820354"><li id="li_C75283922C8C498DAD7E630D762B4AD1" /></ul></entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">fullness</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Reflects the highest level of fullness between "blockFullness" and "metadataFullness". </entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">maxMetadataOverProvisionFactor</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">A value representative of the number of times metadata space can be over provisioned relative to the amount of space available. For example, if there was enough metadata space to store 100 TiB of volumes and this number was set to 5, then 500 TiB worth of volumes could be created.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">metadataFullness</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The current computed level of metadata fullness of the cluster.<ul conref="469EA388-6B36-4721-A7CD-E5BF52B69C66_.dita#GUID-469EA388-6B36-4721-A7CD-E5BF52B69C66/UL_63CD853B8F8A452B895040289D6CC955" id="UL_DB818A1D1C2A4125B0B5A8398468B96E"><li id="li_2E3FC194198F4F40A0E97E3BA8F875DB" /></ul></entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">sliceReserveUsedThresholdPct</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Error condition. A system alert is triggered if the reserved slice utilization is greater than this value. </entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage2AwareThreshold</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Awareness condition. The value that is set for the stage 2 cluster threshold level.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage2BlockThresholdBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The number of bytes being used by the cluster at which a stage 2 condition will exist.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage2MetadataThresholdBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The number of metadata bytes being used by the cluster at which a stage 2 fullness condition will exist.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3" />
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage3BlockThresholdBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The number of storage bytes being used by the cluster at which a stage 3 fullness condition will exist.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage3BlockThresholdPercent</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The percent value set for stage 3. At this percent full, a warning is posted in the Alerts log.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage3LowThreshold</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Error condition. The threshold at which a system alert is created due to low  capacity on a cluster.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage3MetadataThresholdBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The number of metadata bytes used by the cluster at which a stage 3 fullness condition will exist.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage3MetadataThresholdPercent</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The percent value set for stage3 of metadata fullness. At this percent full, a warning will be posted in the Alerts log.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage4BlockThresholdBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The number of storage bytes being used by the cluster at which a stage 4 fullness condition will exist.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage4CriticalThreshold</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Error condition. The threshold at which a system alert is created to warn about critically low capacity on a cluster.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage4MetadataThresholdBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The number of metadata bytes used by the cluster at which a stage 4 fullness condition will exist.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage5BlockThresholdBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The number of storage bytes used by the cluster at which a stage 5 fullness condition will exist.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">stage5MetadataThresholdBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The number of metadata bytes used by the cluster at which a stage 5 fullness condition will exist.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">sumTotalClusterBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The physical capacity of the cluster, measured in bytes.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">sumTotalMetadataClusterBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The total amount of space that can be used to store metadata.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">sumUsedClusterBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The number of storage bytes used on the cluster.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">sumUsedMetadataClusterBytes</entry>
              <entry colname="col2"> The amount of space used on volume drives to store metadata.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_5FA684D774104B22989CD3F451C07008">
      <title id="GUID-E7471790-2316-4CCD-A290-0A13743927C8">Request example</title>
      <p>Requests for this method are similar to the following example: </p>
      <codeblock xml:space="preserve">{
   "method" : "GetClusterFullThreshold", 
   "params" : {},
   "id" : 1
}</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_BD5D8DCA54094AAE99A91526F00198BA">
      <title id="GUID-A6B1D1CD-41DE-43CF-AFB9-F0D31155763E">Response example</title>
      <p>This method returns a response similar to the following example: </p>
      <codeblock xml:space="preserve">{
  "id":1,
  "result":{
    "blockFullness":"stage1Happy",
    "fullness":"stage3Low",
    "maxMetadataOverProvisionFactor":5,
    "metadataFullness":"stage3Low",
    "sliceReserveUsedThresholdPct":5,
    "stage2AwareThreshold":3,
    "stage2BlockThresholdBytes":2640607661261,
    "stage3BlockThresholdBytes":8281905846682,
    "stage3BlockThresholdPercent":5,
    "stage3LowThreshold":2,
    "stage4BlockThresholdBytes":8641988709581,
    "stage4CriticalThreshold":1,
    "stage5BlockThresholdBytes":12002762096640,
    "sumTotalClusterBytes":12002762096640,
    "sumTotalMetadataClusterBytes":404849531289,
    "sumUsedClusterBytes":45553617581,
    "sumUsedMetadataClusterBytes":31703113728
  }
}</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="GUID-5BA7956F-E7A6-40FE-B676-F6D78EBD481C">
      <title id="GUID-49F0F165-C18E-4018-9832-E0BB2DA5876D">New since version</title>
      <p>9.6</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>