<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-9F17D61B-1AEA-4574-BDBA-0A08763F1CB3" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-4C9926A1-F27E-4E40-8DFA-E4D4FF94BECA">Cluster pairing order of operations</title>
  <shortdesc>You  must establish a connection between a pair of storage clusters running  <ph conref="ISH_variables.dita#variables/ELEMENT-SHORT">Element</ph> software before remote replication can be used.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>cluster</keyword>
        <keyword>pairing</keyword>
        <keyword>pair</keyword>
        <keyword>order</keyword>
        <keyword>operations</keyword>
        <keyword>clusters</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="GUID-00D8C19B-641C-4F78-91FD-CA6280B1D51C">
      <p>Use the following set of API methods to establish a cluster connection:<ul id="UL_ACE067490BEE46CE971DD5768F44EBE9"><li id="LI_A4CD6EEC55F9466B9FC6DCC676561F89"><xref href="DF968BB8-5135-48CF-8968-BC2CACEE03B6_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">StartClusterPairing</xref>:  <p>This API method creates and returns a pairing key that is used to establish a cluster pair. The key is encoded and contains information that is used to establish communications between clusters. A single cluster can be paired with up to four other clusters. However, a new key must be generated for each cluster pairing. The <xref href="DF968BB8-5135-48CF-8968-BC2CACEE03B6_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">StartClusterPairing</xref> method generates a new key each time the method is called. Use each unique key with the <xref href="641B6474-C25A-4D39-A64A-813BCEE7781B_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">CompleteClusterPairing</xref> method to pair each additional cluster.
</p><note id="GUID-F0D8100C-6120-45E0-BD02-5A5A0E2C0B33">For security reasons, the pairing key should not be sent to other users via email. The key contains a user name and password. </note></li><li id="LI_2A79500C1F5245BE8608DEADAFE4B2A8"><xref href="641B6474-C25A-4D39-A64A-813BCEE7781B_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">CompleteClusterPairing</xref>: <p>This method uses the pairing key created with the <xref href="DF968BB8-5135-48CF-8968-BC2CACEE03B6_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">StartClusterPairing</xref> API method to create a cluster pair. Issue the <xref href="641B6474-C25A-4D39-A64A-813BCEE7781B_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">CompleteClusterPairing</xref> API method with the <parmname>clusterPairingKey</parmname> parameter to the destination. The origination cluster is the cluster that created the key.  </p></li></ul></p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>