<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-A7EE60BA-AB79-4EE1-BF77-10A856925E12" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-EA82D1DF-CCBC-4C3B-AB89-ECC1707C992B">ModifyInitiators</title>
  <shortdesc>You can use the <apiname>ModifyInitiators</apiname> method to change the attributes of one or more existing initiators. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>modify</keyword>
        <keyword>modifying</keyword>
        <keyword>edit</keyword>
        <keyword>editing</keyword>
        <keyword>change</keyword>
        <keyword>changing</keyword>
        <keyword>initiators</keyword>
        <keyword>initiator</keyword>
        <keyword>attribute</keyword>
        <keyword>attributes</keyword>
        <keyword>modifyinitiators</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="SECTION_3AD885FA7BF04B44B6B9F711BFDBCDD7">
      <p>You cannot change the name of an existing initiator. If you need to change the name of an initiator, delete it first with the <xref href="F552CEDF-229F-44A4-A7F3-BF2AA81AF590_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">DeleteInitiators</xref> method and create a new one with the <xref href="F219389F-595C-4686-95F5-131359931C1D_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">CreateInitiators</xref> method.</p>
      <p>If <apiname>ModifyInitiators</apiname> fails to change one of the initiators provided in the parameter, the method returns an error and does not modify any initiators (no partial completion is possible).</p>
    </section>
    <section id="GUID-BD7134AC-BA3D-4C73-A55E-E07E5AE863C5">
      <title id="GUID-4AD88036-4DA7-48C4-8C6B-7D48E4276322">Parameter</title>
      <p>This method has the following input parameter:</p>
      <table id="TABLE_8CFB1A7A8CAB40789B59BEAEC1A46AB2">
        <tgroup cols="5">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.62*" />
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.84*" />
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3" colwidth="1.00*" />
          <colspec colnum="4" colname="col4" colwidth="1.51*" />
          <colspec colname="col5" colnum="5" colwidth="1.11*" />
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">Name</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">Type</entry>
              <entry colname="col4">Default value </entry>
              <entry colname="col5">Required </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">
                <parmname>initiators</parmname>
              </entry>
              <entry colname="col2">A list of objects containing characteristics of each initiator to modify. Possible objects:<ul id="UL_17FF7B7CD0034BF2BD5F8BCF4EB5642A"><li id="LI_D0F5891035514E8788664B881FE15EFC" importance="optional"><option>alias</option>: (Optional) A new friendly name to assign to the initiator. (string)</li><li id="LI_B5889B56E8204D6DB8A2A532D5651E99" importance="optional"><option>attributes</option>: (Optional) A new set of JSON attributes to assign to the initiator. (JSON object)</li><li importance="optional"><option>chapUsername</option>: (Optional) A new unique CHAP username for this initiator. (string)</li><li><option>forceDuringUpgrade</option>: Complete the initiator modification during an upgrade.</li><li id="LI_C8795929B0AB4F20952C83A6A64DD455" importance="required"><option>initiatorID</option>: (Required) The ID of the initiator to modify. (integer)</li><li importance="optional"><option>initiatorSecret</option>: (Optional) A new CHAP secret used to authenticate the initiator. (string)</li><li importance="optional"><option>requireChap</option>: (Optional) True if CHAP is required for this initiator. (boolean)</li><li importance="optional"><option>targetSecret</option>: (Optional) A new CHAP secret used to authenticate the target (when using mutual CHAP authentication). (string)</li><li importance="optional"><option>virtualNetworkIDs</option>: (Optional) The list of virtual network identifiers associated with this initiator. If you define one or more virtual networks, this initiator is only able to login to those virtual networks. If you don't define any virtual networks, this initiator can login to all networks.</li><li id="LI_CEA7819F734648A9A67ED2887896B48D" importance="optional"><option>volumeAccessGroupID</option>: (Optional) The ID of the volume access group to which the initiator should be added. If the initiator was previously in a different volume access group, it is removed from the old volume access group. If this key is present but null, the initiator is removed from its current volume access group, but not placed in any new volume access group. (integer)</li></ul></entry>
              <entry colname="col3">JSON object array</entry>
              <entry colname="col4">None</entry>
              <entry colname="col5">Yes</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_B951BC9C8818445FADECE482F7A3960D">
      <title id="GUID-F626A1E1-FE89-4149-A42A-97BA7B22E408">Return value</title>
      <p>This method has the following return value:</p>
      <table id="TABLE_97E205A64986432382CFB165D83E5F4C">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="*" />
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="*" />
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3" colwidth="*" />
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">Name</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">Type</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">initiators</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">List of objects describing the newly modified initiators.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">
                <xref href="367C88D1-A57C-471F-AFF8-80ED30505CE1_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">initiator</xref> array</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_5FA684D774104B22989CD3F451C07008">
      <title id="GUID-E7471790-2316-4CCD-A290-0A13743927C8">Request example</title>
      <p>Requests for this method are similar to the following example: </p>
      <codeblock xml:space="preserve">{
  "id": 6683,
  "method": "ModifyInitiators",
  "params": {
    "initiators": [
      {
        "initiatorID": 2,
        "alias": "alias1",
        "volumeAccessGroupID": null
      },
      {
        "initiatorID": 3,
        "alias": "alias2",
        "volumeAccessGroupID": 1
      }
    ]
  }
}
</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_BD5D8DCA54094AAE99A91526F00198BA">
      <title id="GUID-A6B1D1CD-41DE-43CF-AFB9-F0D31155763E">Response example</title>
      <p>This method returns a response similar to the following example: </p>
      <codeblock xml:space="preserve">{
  "id": 6683,
  "result": {
    "initiators": [
      {
        "alias": "alias1",
        "attributes": {},
        "initiatorID": 2,
        "initiatorName": "iqn.1993-08.org.debian:01:395543635",
        "volumeAccessGroups": []
      },
      {
        "alias": "alias2",
        "attributes": {},
        "initiatorID": 3,
        "initiatorName": "iqn.1993-08.org.debian:01:935573135",
        "volumeAccessGroups": [
          1
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="GUID-2257F2DA-8AE7-469C-AF5C-B2E5FE9F7434">
      <title id="GUID-B958F8F6-DD00-4CEB-90DA-24A94AFAB39F">New since version</title>
      <p>9.6</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>