<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-B39D5942-A885-4E52-8A01-23C481AD1DCE" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-EA82D1DF-CCBC-4C3B-AB89-ECC1707C992B">TestNetworkConfig</title>
  <shortdesc>You can use the <apiname>TestNetworkConfig</apiname> method to test that the configured network settings match the network settings being used on the system. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>test</keyword>
        <keyword>testing</keyword>
        <keyword>network</keyword>
        <keyword>config</keyword>
        <keyword>configuration</keyword>
        <keyword>testnetworkconfig</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="GUID-BD7134AC-BA3D-4C73-A55E-E07E5AE863C5">
      <p>When you configure a node with the <apiname>SetNetworkConfig</apiname> method, in the UI or TUI, the configuration is validated and stored. The <apiname>TestNetworkConfig</apiname> API test uses the stored configuration for post-validation logic. For example, in the event of a power outage or network failure, you can use this API method to ensure a node is running with the most currently stored network configuration. This validates that there are no errors in the configuration and that the current configuration is in use.</p>
      <p>This test is designed to only show failures in the response output. If there are no errors, this test does not return any output. See the following response examples. </p>
      <title id="GUID-4AD88036-4DA7-48C4-8C6B-7D48E4276322">Parameters</title>
      <p>This method has no input parameters.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_57AB0E5059EF41C2ABD5AC9AB7F1A2F2">
      <title id="GUID-D537362C-01B9-48AD-9193-607AB2FB4349">Return value</title>
      <p>This method has the following return value:</p>
      <table id="TABLE_B967117CB10C4B22A7CE525A65D5C9E3">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" />
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="1.56*" />
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3" colwidth="1.28*" />
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">Name</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">Type</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">details</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Contains any errors found when validating the currently stored network settings with the running network configuration.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">JSON object</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_5FA684D774104B22989CD3F451C07008">
      <title id="GUID-E7471790-2316-4CCD-A290-0A13743927C8">Request example</title>
      <p>Requests for this method are similar to the following example: </p>
      <codeblock xml:space="preserve">{
   "method": "TestNetworkConfig",
   "params": {},
   "id" : 1
}</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_BD5D8DCA54094AAE99A91526F00198BA">
      <title id="GUID-A6B1D1CD-41DE-43CF-AFB9-F0D31155763E">Response example 1</title>
      <p>If no errors are detected, then no responses are returned.</p>
      <codeblock xml:space="preserve">{
   "id" : 1,
   "result": {
   "details": {
   "network": {...}
  },
   "duration": "00:00:00.144514",
   "result": "Passed"
  }
}</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_55CDC0D0F2DD4D93BE13C00ABF711672">
      <title id="GUID-D911B439-29D7-4530-9F06-E25D93D1F1F1">Response example 2</title>
      <p>Example of an MTU Mismatch.</p>
      <codeblock xml:space="preserve">{
  "id" : 1,
  "result": 
  {
	 "details" : 
	 {
		"error": 
		{
		   "message" : "Network configuration mismatch on Bond10G: Incorrect MTU expectedMTU=[1500]  actualMTU=[9600]", name: "xAssertionFailure"
		}
	 },
	 "duration": "0.125213sec",
	 "result": "Failed"
  }
}</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_814C4EA2FDF44D5BAF58B971D86A9EDB">
      <title id="GUID-E508B7B3-56C6-4B3A-92BB-302B97A694E0">Response example 3</title>
      <p>Example of a missing static route.</p>
      <codeblock xml:space="preserve">{
  "id": 1,
  "result": 
  {
	 "details" : 
	 {
	 "error": 
		{
		"message" : "Network configuration mismatch on Bond1G: Routing table missing route=[192.168.137.2 via 192.168.159.254 dev Bond1G]", name: "xAssertionFailure"
		}
	 },
	 "duration" : "0.128547sec",
	 "result" : "Failed"
  }
}</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="GUID-54256D9C-7501-49B2-B683-8747D851D8A3">
      <title id="GUID-4EF5E880-96CB-4ABF-A3D7-332875DED2F0">New since version</title>
      <p>9.6</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>