<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-D38841E2-A8F0-459A-A5B1-8189AD4329B5" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-4C9926A1-F27E-4E40-8DFA-E4D4FF94BECA">Volume pairing order of operations</title>
  <shortdesc>You must create a cluster pair between two corresponding clusters before volumes can be paired. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>volume</keyword>
        <keyword>pairing</keyword>
        <keyword>order</keyword>
        <keyword>operations</keyword>
        <keyword>volumes</keyword>
        <keyword>pairing</keyword>
        <keyword>pair</keyword>
        <keyword>pairs</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="GUID-00D8C19B-641C-4F78-91FD-CA6280B1D51C">
      <p>Use the following set of API methods to establish a cluster connection:<ul id="UL_ACE067490BEE46CE971DD5768F44EBE9"><li id="LI_A4CD6EEC55F9466B9FC6DCC676561F89"><xref href="E1001889-7B3E-4FD4-9D08-C13A462C9AD1_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">StartVolumePairing</xref>:  <p>This API method creates and returns a volume pairing key that is used to create a volume pair. The key contains information that is used to establish communications between volumes.</p></li><li id="LI_2A79500C1F5245BE8608DEADAFE4B2A8"><xref href="6ED53CAB-66DA-4941-89C4-C7DBAB15A3D8_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">CompleteVolumePairing</xref>: <p>This method uses the pairing key created with the <xref href="E1001889-7B3E-4FD4-9D08-C13A462C9AD1_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">StartVolumePairing</xref> API method to create a volume pair. Issue the <xref href="6ED53CAB-66DA-4941-89C4-C7DBAB15A3D8_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">CompleteVolumePairing</xref> API method with the <parmname>volumeID</parmname> and <parmname>volumePairingKey</parmname> parameters to the destination volume. </p></li></ul></p>Only one of the paired volumes can be identified as a replication target volume.  Use the <xref href="1B2BDC76-45B9-47F4-91A0-A61B1BDEAA17_.dita" outputclass="nopagenum">ModifyVolumePair</xref> API method to establish the direction of the volume's data replication by identifying which volume is the target. Data is replicated from the source volume to the target volume.</section>
  </refbody>
</reference>