<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "file:///C:/InfoShare/Web/Author/ASP/DocTypes/dita-oasis/1.2/technicalContent/dtd/reference.dtd">
<reference id="GUID-DECC9605-5B3D-4B3E-BC60-8CAD5F1F71D4" xml:lang="en" xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
  <title id="GUID-5E022C2A-2D04-4FC4-B9E2-A959D997F7C7">event</title>
  <shortdesc>The <apiname>event</apiname> object contains details of events that occur during an API method call or while the system is performing an operation. </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <keyword>object</keyword>
        <keyword>objects</keyword>
        <keyword>event</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section id="GUID-D398EDB1-6B3B-41A0-B7F5-449D9C7F2CE4">
      <title id="GUID-1C0BF13D-6714-4D08-BC60-C944711057FF">Object members</title>
      <p>This object contains the following members:</p>
      <table id="TABLE_25FB63445EEE4A52A7C40168773EF621">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1" colwidth="1.00*" />
          <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2" colwidth="2.38*" />
          <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3" colwidth="1.13*" />
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">Name</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Description</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">Type</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">details</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Extra information about the event.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">JSON object</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">driveID</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The driveID of the drive reporting the failure. 0 if not applicable.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">driveIDs</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">A list of the driveIDs of the drives reporting the failure. An empty list if not applicable.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer array</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">eventID</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Unique ID associated with each event. </entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">eventInfoType</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The type of fault.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">message</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">A string description of the event that occurred.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">nodeID</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The nodeID of the node reporting the failure. 0 if not applicable.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">serviceID</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The serviceID of the service reporting the failure. 0 if not applicable.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">severity</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Severity the event is reporting.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">integer</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">timeOfPublish</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The time at which the cluster's event log received the event, in UTC+0 format.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">ISO 8601 date string</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">timeOfReport</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The time at which the event occurred on the cluster, in UTC+0 format.</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">ISO 8601 date string</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
      <note id="GUID-2E5B3E17-FBB3-41D0-9A51-B468EB0B15ED">There might be a slight difference between timeOfReport and timeOfPublish if the event occurred and was not able to be immediately published.</note>
    </section>
    <section id="SECTION_EC2CA2CF4B0147F2B2747274A5DC4F4A">
      <title id="GUID-C44B227D-810D-4B28-A1BF-2E8C32DEC327">Event types</title>
      <p>The following list describes the possible event types that the eventInfoType member can contain:</p>
      <ul id="UL_A2D6BEAF099A4CE59CEC88BBB8C2DAAA">
        <li id="LI_3E87F9CEE3D943E2BFA5142D649D8B0A">apiEvent: Events initiated through the API or web UI that modify settings.</li>
        <li id="LI_26BE7291233E4CB38088F82191F2021F">binAssignmentsEvent: Events related to the assignment of data to internal containers.</li>
        <li id="LI_21C975EB381542C5975CA9FB262F8FCE">binSyncEvent: Events related to a reassignment of data among block services.</li>
        <li id="LI_40F9D53D3F7C45AD97B51EC1F406A058">bsCheckEvent: Events related to block service checks.</li>
        <li id="LI_D7DA5F9AB055469E883968F50120DC9F">bsKillEvent: Events related to block service terminations.</li>
        <li id="LI_2FA183EC47AE4797B91D3C818960A2BA">bulkOpEvent: Events that operate on an entire volume, such as a volume backup, restore, snapshot, or clone.</li>
        <li id="LI_14B1DCD90E9644A59FDBAF140C8CB8FE">cloneEvent: Events related to volume cloning.</li>
        <li id="LI_6086958009724AEEAF1AA796A8367408">clusterMasterEvent: Cluster configuration change events such as adding or removing nodes.</li>
        <li id="LI_A24FE2226AF04F1EA88DF1CB8A884E6F">dataEvent: Events related to reading and writing data.</li>
        <li id="LI_BC73FE9F6F0245018E8BDF3AA971BA9A">dbEvent: Events related to the ensemble node database.</li>
        <li id="LI_EA9EE773555549B8BA48CD84E613852C">driveEvent: Events related to drive operations.</li>
        <li id="LI_D658DF696B1A41BBAA74F769D7463E2B">encryptionAtRestEvent: Events related to stored data encryption.</li>
        <li id="LI_189A5442A1FA47ADA6EA54A2A8D451B4">ensembleEvent: Events related to ensemble size increase or decrease.</li>
        <li id="LI_E7171252E6DF4ED8A55A1746F9A890F3">fibreChannelEvent: Events related to Fibre Channel node configuration or connections.</li>
        <li id="LI_498DC0BB854F49B899FE858118105574">gcEvent: Events related to garbage collection. These processes run every 60 minutes to reclaim storage on block drives.</li>
        <li id="LI_D4E95230CC494A018550617CA893809A">ieEvent: Events related to internal system errors.</li>
        <li id="LI_55159A3FB99B4130B3D3F6D39506F4A4">installEvent: Eevnts related to automatic software installation on pending storage nodes.</li>
        <li id="LI_1E2C73F5CA1E4A4391D042E3FF89AF27">iSCSIEvent: Events related to iSCSI connection or configuration issues.</li>
        <li id="LI_E10E7D20017347D1810076F8A2CD18A9">limitEvent: Events related to the number of volumes or virtual volumes in an account or in the cluster nearing the maximum allowed.</li>
        <li id="LI_CF15333C527344EA961FC5D147446836">networkEvent: Events related to virtual networking.</li>
        <li id="LI_35D99374F9AD483383F8E775CD96E408">platformHardwareEvent: Events related to issues detected on hardware devices. </li>
        <li id="LI_A3E0BD51D7F74EED826400A78EE94E9C">remoteClusterEvent: Events related to remote cluster pairing.</li>
        <li id="LI_EB92C1F11B3D4F0CA0208DD86402B87F">schedulerEvent: Events related to scheduled snapshots.</li>
        <li id="LI_6C27F2D26FD24FA99FC83D4AAD19DFD5">serviceEvent: Events related to system service status.</li>
        <li id="LI_1695C2E0C6D74BFD8FC492D3C944A18E">statEvent: Events related to system statistics.</li>
        <li id="LI_5B63032F7DD8479996727DA7953751B4">sliceEvent: Events related to metadata storage.</li>
        <li id="LI_67C697D109A6451EBD12E90C52B501D2">snmpTrapEvent: Events related to SNMP traps.</li>
        <li id="LI_A1F313C6B9D84042ADEB6106BB99E129">tsEvent: System transport service events.</li>
        <li id="LI_BEC3B30E02144960A99D4314891F1D08">unexpectedException: Events related to unexpected errors.</li>
        <li id="LI_97C6DF02FD084C49ACB932A03B34CFF8">vasaProviderEvent: Events related to a VMware VASA provider.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>